15% gratuity added for parties over 8.
If you suspect that this message may have been intercepted or amended,
please call the sender.
30 day money back guarantee minus shipping, 10% restocking charge, and 7cancellation charge.
98% lean.
All rights reserved.
All celebrity voices impersonated.
All international orders must be accompanied by payment in U. S. funds.
All models over 18 years of age.
All names listed are proprietary trademarks of their respective corporations.
Allow 6 to 8 weeks for delivery.
Always wear your seat belt.
Any reproduction or redistribution of the Software not in accordance with the
License Agreement is expressly prohibited by law, and may result in severe
civil and criminal penalties.
Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
Apply only to affected area.
Approved for veterans.
As seen on TV.
At participating locations only.
Available while quantities last.
Availability is limited.
Avoid contact with eyes.
Avoid contact with skin.
Batteries not included.
Best if used before date on carton.
Be sure each item is properly endorsed.
Beware of dog.
Blackout restrictions apply.
Blend until smooth.
Booths for two or more.
Breaking seal constitutes acceptance of agreement.
Buckle up!
Call for details.
Call toll free number before digging.
Check here if tax deductible.
Check your local listings.
Cleanse area thoroughly before applying.
Close cover before striking.
Closed weekends and holidays.
Colors may fade.
Colors may fade in time.
Consumption of alcoholic beverages impairs your ability to drive a car and may
cause health problems.
Contains a substantial amount of non-tobacco ingredients.
Contains no artificial colors or ingredients.
Contents may settle during shipment.
May cause drowsiness.
Contestants have been briefed on some questions before the show.
Contest void where prohibited by law.
Danger: do not shake.
Dealer prices may vary.
Do not try this at home.
Do not flush.
These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration.
Substantial risk of electric shock.
Does not include installation.
Do not apply to broken skin.
Do not attempt this in your home.
Do not cut switchbacks.
Do not disturb.
Do not drink and drive.
Do not dry clean.
Do not exceed recommended dosage.
Do not fold, spindle or mutilate.
Do not incinerate: contents under pressure.
Do not open shrink-wrap until you have read and agreed to the conditions
contained within.
Do not pick the flowers.
Do not remove tag under penalty of law.
Do not stamp.
Do not use if foil seal is broken.
Do not use while operating a motor vehicle or heavy machinery.
Do not write below this line.
Do not write in this space.
Driver does not carry cash.
Serving suggestion.
Made with real ingredients.
Drop in any mailbox.
Dry clean only.
Edited for television.
Employees and their families are not eligible.
Employees must wash hands before returning to work.
Exact change only.
Falling rock.
Federal law prohibits dispensing without a prescription.
Filmed before a live audience.
First pull up, then pull down.
For best results, follow directions carefully.
For external use only.
For internal use only.
Formatted to fit your screen.
For office use only.
For off-road use only.
For recreational use only.
For reservations, call your travel agent.
Freshest if eaten before date on carton.
From concentrate.
If condition persists, consult your physician.
If not completely satisfied, return for full refund of purchase price.
If rash develops, discontinue use.
List current at time of printing.
If redness or swelling develop, consult physician promptly.
Illegally parked cars will be towed at owner's expense.
In specially marked packages only.
Inspired by a true story.
Keep away from edge.
Keep away from fire or flame.
Keep cool.
Keep cool; process promptly.
Keep hands and feet away from moving parts at all times.
Keep out of reach of children.
Keep out of the sunlight.
Keep refrigerated.
Keep this and all chemicals out of the reach of children.
Limitations on coverage and remedies apply.
Limited delivery area.
Limited time offer, call now to ensure prompt delivery.
List at least two alternate dates.
List each check separately by bank number.
List was current at time of printing.
Lost ticket pays maximum rate.
Many suitcases look alike.
May be too intense for some viewers.
May explode if improperly recharged.
May not be reproduced, in whole or in part, by any means, mechanical or
electronic, except for brief excerpts for the purpose of inclusion in reviews.
Membership dues are not refundable.
Merchandise can be shipped only upon receipt of payment.
Might not be suitable for persons suffering from weak hearts.
Minimum charge for booths.
Misuse may cause suffocation.
Monitor not included.
Motorized vehicles only.
Must be over 18.
Must be over 21.
Must be under 48 inches in height.
New customers only.
Licensed and bonded.
No alcohol, dogs or horses.
No anchovies unless otherwise specified.
No animals were injured.
Monitored by the American Human Association.
No campfires allowed.
Do not use or store near heat or open flame.
Will stain.
Disposable, use only once.
Causes moderate eye irritation.
No Canadian coins.
No foreign coins.
No lifeguard on duty.
No motorized vehicles allowed.
No other warranty expressed or implied.
No passes accepted for this engagement.
No passing.
No passing zone.
No postage necessary if mailed in the United States.
No purchase necessary.
No running on pool deck.
No shirt, no shoes, no service.
No solicitors.
No stopping or standing.
Not affiliated with the American Red Cross.
Not a flying toy.
Celebrity voices impersonated.
Not exactly as shown.
Not for human consumption.
Not from concentrate.
No transfers issued until the bus comes to a complete stop.
May contain nuts.
Not recommended for children.
Not responsible for lost or stolen articles.
Not responsible for merchandise left over 30 days.
Not responsible for typographical errors.
Not valid with other offers or specials.
Other restrictions may apply.
May not be combined with other discounts.
Obey all traffic laws.
Objects in mirror may be closer than they appear.
Offer limited to residents of the contiguous United States.
Offer may end without notice.
Offer void where prohibited by law.
One size fits all.
Opened for inspection.
Orders subject to approval.
Package sold by weight, not volume.
Pass with care.
Pay toll ahead.
Penalty for private use.
Place stamp here.
Please come again.
Please read the prospectus carefully before you invest or send money.
Please recycle.
Please remain seated until the ride has come to a complete stop.
Portions not affecting outcome have been edited for broadcast.
Positively no smoking.
Postage will be paid by addressee.
Post no bills.
Post office will not deliver without proper postage.
Prerecorded for this time zone.
Prevent forest fires.
Price does not include taxes.
Prices higher in Alaska and Hawaii.
Prices subject to change without notice.
Printed on recycled paper.
Processed at location stamped in code at top of carton.
Process promptly.
Professional driver on closed track.
Management is not responsible for loss or damage.
Professional sample - not for sale.
Protect from light.
Read terms and conditions.
Read the fine print.
Reapply as necessary.
Record additional transactions on back of previous stub.
Replace with same type.
Restaurant package, not for resale.
Results are not typical.
Results vary by individual.
Returns for store credit only.
Sales tax applies.
Sanitized for your protection.
See label for sequence.
See other side for additional listings.
See store for details.
Sell by date stamped on bottom.
Send a self-addressed, stamped envelope.
Shading within a garment may occur.
Shake well before using.
Shipping not included.
Show night or time may vary in your market.
Shut off engine before fueling.
Sign here without admitting guilt.
Simulated picture.
Slippery when wet.
Some assembly required.
Some equipment shown is optional.
Some of the trademarks mentioned in this product appear for identification
purposes only.
Some optional equipment shown.
Some restrictions may apply.
Some settling may occur.
Some stirring may be necessary to achieve proper consistency.
Space is limited.
Special engagement; no discounts, passes or coupons accepted.
Specifications subject to change without notice.
Stay on the trail.
Stay seated until bus comes to a complete stop.
Stop ahead.
Store in a cool place.
Subject to change without notice.
Holiday and other blackout periods apply.
Substantial penalty for early withdrawal.
Swim at your own risk.
Tax and title extra.
Tax, title, tag, and dealer handling not included.
The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement of the site.
The Surgeon General has determined that cigarette smoking is hazardous to your
health.
This bag is recyclable.
This end up.
This is not an offer to sell securities.
This space intentionally left blank.
This supersedes all previous notices.
Times approximate.
To avoid suffocation, keep away from children.
To order, call toll-free.
To reduce printing costs, we have sent you only the forms you may need based on
what you filed last year.
Touch tone phones only.
Truckers welcome.
Turn off engine while fueling.
Use at own risk.
Used with permission.
Use extra care when cleaning on stairs.
Use in well-ventilated area.
Use of software is governed by the terms of the end user license agreement.
Use only as directed.
Use only in a well-ventilated area.
Not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.
Do not use if printed inner seal is broken or missing.
Use other side for additional listings.
Views expressed may not be those of the sponsor.
Void where prohibited by law.
We make our mailing list available to selected organizations.
While supplies last.
You must be present to win.
You need not be present to win.
Your canceled check is your receipt.
Your compliance with all terms and conditions, expressed and implied, is
automatic upon viewing.
Your daily dietary values may be higher or lower depending on your caloric
needs.
Your financial institution may impose additional fees and charges.
Your mileage may vary.
A day for firm decisions!!!!!  Or is it?
A few hours grace before the madness begins again.
A gift of a flower will soon be made to you.
A long-forgotten loved one will appear soon.

Buy the negatives at any price.
A tall, dark stranger will have more fun than you.
A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work.
A visit to a strange place will bring fresh work.
A vivid and creative mind characterizes you.
Abandon the search for Truth; settle for a good fantasy.
Accent on helpful side of your nature.  Drain the moat.
Advancement in position.
After your lover has gone you will still have PEANUT BUTTER!
Afternoon very favorable for romance.  Try a single person for a change.
Alimony and bribes will engage a large share of your wealth.
All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.
Among the lucky, you are the chosen one.
An avocado-tone refrigerator would look good on your resume.
An exotic journey in downtown Newark is in your future.
Another good night not to sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Are you a turtle?
Are you ever going to do the dishes?  Or will you change your major to biology?
Are you making all this up as you go along?
Are you sure the back door is locked?
Artistic ventures highlighted.  Rob a museum.
Avert misunderstanding by calm, poise, and balance.
Avoid gunfire in the bathroom tonight.
Avoid reality at all costs.
Bank error in your favor.  Collect $200.
Be careful!  Is it classified?
Be careful!  UGLY strikes 9 out of 10!
Be cautious in your daily affairs.
Be cheerful while you are alive.
		-- Phathotep, 24th Century B.C.
Be different: conform.
Be free and open and breezy!  Enjoy!  Things won't get any better so
get used to it.
Be security conscious -- National defense is at stake.
Beauty and harmony are as necessary to you as the very breath of life.
Best of all is never to have been born.  Second best is to die soon.
Better hope the life-inspector doesn't come around while you have your
life in such a mess.
Beware of a dark-haired man with a loud tie.
Beware of a tall black man with one blond shoe.
Beware of a tall blond man with one black shoe.
Beware of Bigfoot!
Beware of low-flying butterflies.
Beware the one behind you.
Blow it out your ear.
Break into jail and claim police brutality.
Bridge ahead.  Pay troll.
Caution: breathing may be hazardous to your health.
Caution: Keep out of reach of children.
Celebrate Hannibal Day this year.  Take an elephant to lunch.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Cheer Up!  Things are getting worse at a slower rate.
Chess tonight.
Chicken Little only has to be right once.
Chicken Little was right.
Cold hands, no gloves.
Communicate!  It can't make things any worse.
Courage is your greatest present need.
Day of inquiry.  You will be subpoenaed.
Do not overtax your powers.
Do not sleep in a eucalyptus tree tonight.
Do nothing unless you must, and when you must act -- hesitate.
Do something unusual today.  Pay a bill.
Do what comes naturally.  Seethe and fume and throw a tantrum.
Domestic happiness and faithful friends.
Don't feed the bats tonight.
Don't get stuck in a closet -- wear yourself out.
Don't get to bragging.
Don't go surfing in South Dakota for a while.
Don't hate yourself in the morning -- sleep till noon.
Don't kiss an elephant on the lips today.
Don't let your mind wander -- it's too little to be let out alone.
Don't look back, the lemmings are gaining on you.
Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.
Don't look now, but there is a multi-legged creature on your shoulder.
Don't plan any hasty moves.  You'll be evicted soon anyway.
Don't read any sky-writing for the next two weeks.
Don't read everything you believe.
Don't relax!  It's only your tension that's holding you together.
Don't tell any big lies today.  Small ones can be just as effective.
Don't worry so loud, your roommate can't think.
Don't Worry, Be Happy.
		-- Meher Baba
Don't worry.  Life's too long.
		-- Vincent Sardi, Jr.
Don't you feel more like you do now than you did when you came in?
Don't you wish you had more energy... or less ambition?
Everything that you know is wrong, but you can be straightened out.
Everything will be just tickety-boo today.
Excellent day for putting Slinkies on an escalator.
Excellent day to have a rotten day.
Excellent time to become a missing person.
Executive ability is prominent in your make-up.
Exercise caution in your daily affairs.
Expect a letter from a friend who will ask a favor of you.
Expect the worst, it's the least you can do.
Fine day for friends.
So-so day for you.
Fine day to work off excess energy.  Steal something heavy.
Fortune: You will be attacked next Wednesday at 3:15 p.m. by six samurai
sword wielding purple fish glued to Harley-Davidson motorcycles.

Oh, and have a nice day!
		-- Bryce Nesbitt '84
Future looks spotty.  You will spill soup in late evening.
Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.
Give him an evasive answer.
Give thought to your reputation.  Consider changing name and moving to
a new town.
Give your very best today.  Heaven knows it's little enough.
Go to a movie tonight.  Darkness becomes you.
Good day for a change of scene.  Repaper the bedroom wall.
Good day for overcoming obstacles.  Try a steeplechase.
Good day to deal with people in high places; particularly lonely stewardesses.
Good day to let down old friends who need help.
Good news from afar can bring you a welcome visitor.
Good news.  Ten weeks from Friday will be a pretty good day.
Good night to spend with family, but avoid arguments with your mate's
new lover.
Green light in A.M. for new projects.  Red light in P.M. for traffic tickets.
Hope that the day after you die is a nice day.
If you can read this, you're too close.
If you learn one useless thing every day, in a single year you'll learn
365 useless things.
If you sow your wild oats, hope for a crop failure.
If you stand on your head, you will get footprints in your hair.
If you think last Tuesday was a drag, wait till you see what happens tomorrow!
If your life was a horse, you'd have to shoot it.
In the stairway of life, you'd best take the elevator.
Increased knowledge will help you now.  Have mate's phone bugged.
Is that really YOU that is reading this?
Is this really happening?
It is so very hard to be an
on-your-own-take-care-of-yourself-because-there-is-no-one-else-to-do-it-for-you
grown-up.
It may or may not be worthwhile, but it still has to be done.
It was all so different before everything changed.
It's a very *__UN*lucky week in which to be took dead.
		-- Churchy La Femme
It's all in the mind, ya know.
It's lucky you're going so slowly, because you're going in the wrong direction.
Just because the message may never be received does not mean it is
not worth sending.
Just to have it is enough.
Keep emotionally active.  Cater to your favorite neurosis.
Keep it short for pithy sake.
Lady Luck brings added income today.  Lady friend takes it away tonight.
Learn to pause -- or nothing worthwhile can catch up to you.
Let me put it this way: today is going to be a learning experience.
Life is to you a dashing and bold adventure.
"Life, loathe it or ignore it, you can't like it."
		-- Marvin, "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
Live in a world of your own, but always welcome visitors.
Living your life is a task so difficult, it has never been attempted before.
Long life is in store for you.
Look afar and see the end from the beginning.
Love is in the offing.  Be affectionate to one who adores you.
Make a wish, it might come true.
Many changes of mind and mood; do not hesitate too long.
Never be led astray onto the path of virtue.
Never commit yourself!  Let someone else commit you.
Never give an inch!
Never look up when dragons fly overhead.
Never reveal your best argument.
Next Friday will not be your lucky day.  As a matter of fact, you don't
have a lucky day this year.
Of course you have a purpose -- to find a purpose.
People are beginning to notice you.  Try dressing before you leave the house.
Perfect day for scrubbing the floor and other exciting things.
Questionable day.

Ask somebody something.
Reply hazy, ask again later.
Save energy: be apathetic.
Ships are safe in harbor, but they were never meant to stay there.
Slow day.  Practice crawling.
Snow Day -- stay home.
So this is it.  We're going to die.
So you're back... about time...
Someone is speaking well of you.
Someone is speaking well of you.

How unusual!
Someone whom you reject today, will reject you tomorrow.
Stay away from flying saucers today.
Stay away from hurricanes for a while.
Stay the curse.
That secret you've been guarding, isn't.
The time is right to make new friends.
The whole world is a tuxedo and you are a pair of brown shoes.
		-- George Gobel
There is a 20% chance of tomorrow.
There is a fly on your nose.
There was a phone call for you.
There will be big changes for you but you will be happy.
Things will be bright in P.M.  A cop will shine a light in your face.
Think twice before speaking, but don't say "think think click click".
This life is yours.  Some of it was given to you; the rest, you made yourself.
This will be a memorable month -- no matter how hard you try to forget it.
Time to be aggressive.  Go after a tattooed Virgo.
Today is National Existential Ennui Awareness Day.
Today is the first day of the rest of the mess.
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
Today is the last day of your life so far.
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
Today is what happened to yesterday.
Today's weirdness is tomorrow's reason why.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson
Tomorrow will be cancelled due to lack of interest.
Tomorrow, this will be part of the unchangeable past but fortunately,
it can still be changed today.
Tomorrow, you can be anywhere.
Tonight you will pay the wages of sin; Don't forget to leave a tip.
Tonight's the night: Sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Troubled day for virgins over 16 who are beautiful and wealthy and live
in eucalyptus trees.
Truth will out this morning.  (Which may really mess things up.)
Try the Moo Shu Pork.  It is especially good today.
Try to get all of your posthumous medals in advance.
Try to have as good a life as you can under the circumstances.
Try to relax and enjoy the crisis.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant
Try to value useful qualities in one who loves you.
Tuesday After Lunch is the cosmic time of the week.
Tuesday is the Wednesday of the rest of your life.
What happened last night can happen again.
While you recently had your problems on the run, they've regrouped and
are making another attack.
Write yourself a threatening letter and pen a defiant reply.
You are a bundle of energy, always on the go.
You are a fluke of the universe; you have no right to be here.
You are a very redundant person, that's what kind of person you are.
You are always busy.
You are as I am with You.
You are capable of planning your future.
You are confused; but this is your normal state.
You are deeply attached to your friends and acquaintances.
You are destined to become the commandant of the fighting men of the
department of transportation.
You are dishonest, but never to the point of hurting a friend.
You are fairminded, just and loving.
You are farsighted, a good planner, an ardent lover, and a faithful friend.
You are fighting for survival in your own sweet and gentle way.
You are going to have a new love affair.
You are magnetic in your bearing.
You are not dead yet.  But watch for further reports.
You are number 6!  Who is number one?
You are only young once, but you can stay immature indefinitely.
You are scrupulously honest, frank, and straightforward.  Therefore you
have few friends.
You are sick, twisted and perverted.  I like that in a person.
You are so boring that when I see you my feet go to sleep.
You are standing on my toes.
You are taking yourself far too seriously.
You are the only person to ever get this message.
You are wise, witty, and wonderful, but you spend too much time reading
this sort of trash.
You attempt things that you do not even plan because of your extreme stupidity.
You can create your own opportunities this week.  Blackmail a senior executive.
You can do very well in speculation where land or anything to do with dirt
is concerned.
You can rent this space for only $5 a week.
You could live a better life, if you had a better mind and a better body.
You definitely intend to start living sometime soon.
You dialed 5483.
You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.
You don't become a failure until you're satisfied with being one.
You enjoy the company of other people.
You feel a whole lot more like you do now than you did when you used to.
You fill a much-needed gap.
You get along very well with everyone except animals and people.
You had some happiness once, but your parents moved away, and you had to
leave it behind.
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
You have a reputation for being thoroughly reliable and trustworthy.
A pity that it's totally undeserved.
You have a strong appeal for members of the opposite sex.
You have a strong appeal for members of your own sex.
You have a strong desire for a home and your family interests come first.
You have a truly strong individuality.
You have a will that can be influenced by all with whom you come in contact.
You have an ability to sense and know higher truth.
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
You have an unusual equipment for success.  Be sure to use it properly.
You have an unusual magnetic personality.  Don't walk too close to
metal objects which are not fastened down.
You have an unusual understanding of the problems of human relationships.
You have been selected for a secret mission.
You have Egyptian flu: you're going to be a mummy.
You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.
You have literary talent that you should take pains to develop.
You have many friends and very few living enemies.
You have no real enemies.
You have taken yourself too seriously.
You have the body of a 19 year old.  Please return it before it gets wrinkled.
You have the capacity to learn from mistakes.  You'll learn a lot today.
You have the power to influence all with whom you come in contact.
You learn to write as if to someone else because NEXT YEAR YOU WILL BE
"SOMEONE ELSE."
You like to form new friendships and make new acquaintances.
You look like a million dollars.  All green and wrinkled.
You look tired.
You love peace.
You love your home and want it to be beautiful.
You may be gone tomorrow, but that doesn't mean that you weren't here today.
You may be infinitely smaller than some things, but you're infinitely
larger than others.
You may be recognized soon.  Hide.
You may get an opportunity for advancement today.  Watch it!
You may worry about your hair-do today, but tomorrow much peanut butter will
be sold.
You need more time; and you probably always will.
You need no longer worry about the future.  This time tomorrow you'll be dead.
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
You never know how many friends you have until you rent a house on the beach.
You now have Asian Flu.
You own a dog, but you can only feed a cat.
You plan things that you do not even attempt because of your extreme caution.
You possess a mind not merely twisted, but actually sprained.
You prefer the company of the opposite sex, but are well liked by your own.
You recoil from the crude; you tend naturally toward the exquisite.
You seek to shield those you love and you like the role of the provider.
You shall be rewarded for a dastardly deed.
You should emulate your heros, but don't carry it too far.  Especially
if they are dead.
You should go home.
You single-handedly fought your way into this hopeless mess.
You teach best what you most need to learn.
You too can wear a nose mitten.
You two ought to be more careful--your love could drag on for years and years.
You will always get the greatest recognition for the job you least like.
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.
You will be a winner today.  Pick a fight with a four-year-old.
You will be advanced socially, without any special effort on your part.
You will be aided greatly by a person whom you thought to be unimportant.
You will be attacked by a beast who has the body of a wolf, the tail of
a lion, and the face of Donald Duck.
You will be audited by the Internal Revenue Service.
You will be awarded a medal for disregarding safety in saving someone.
You will be awarded some great honor.
You will be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize... posthumously.
You will be called upon to help a friend in trouble.
You will be divorced within a year.
You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.
You will be held hostage by a radical group.
You will be honored for contributing your time and skill to a worthy cause.
You will be imprisoned for contributing your time and skill to a bank robbery.
You will be married within a year, and divorced within two.
You will be married within a year.
You will be misunderstood by everyone.
You will be recognized and honored as a community leader.
You will be reincarnated as a toad; and you will be much happier.
You will be run over by a beer truck.
You will be run over by a bus.
You will be singled out for promotion in your work.
You will be successful in love.
You will be surprised by a loud noise.
You will be surrounded by luxury.
You will be the last person to buy a Chrysler.
You will be the victim of a bizarre joke.
You will be Told about it Tomorrow.  Go Home and Prepare Thyself.
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.
You will be winged by an anti-aircraft battery.
You will become rich and famous unless you don't.
You will contract a rare disease.
You will engage in a profitable business activity.
You will experience a strong urge to do good; but it will pass.
You will feel hungry again in another hour.
You will forget that you ever knew me.
You will gain money by a fattening action.
You will gain money by a speculation or lottery.
You will gain money by an illegal action.
You will gain money by an immoral action.
You will get what you deserve.
You will give someone a piece of your mind, which you can ill afford.
You will have a long and boring life.
You will have a long and unpleasant discussion with your supervisor.
You will have domestic happiness and faithful friends.
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
You will have long and healthy life.
You will hear good news from one you thought unfriendly to you.
You will inherit millions of dollars.
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.
You will live a long, healthy, happy life and make bags of money.
You will live to see your grandchildren.
You will lose your present job and have to become a door to door mayonnaise
salesman.
You will meet an important person who will help you advance professionally.
You will never know hunger.
You will not be elected to public office this year.
You will obey or molten silver will be poured into your ears.
You will outgrow your usefulness.
You will overcome the attacks of jealous associates.
You will pass away very quickly.
You will pay for your sins.  If you have already paid, please disregard
this message.
You will pioneer the first Martian colony.
You will probably marry after a very brief courtship.
You will reach the highest possible point in your business or profession.
You will receive a legacy which will place you above want.
You will remember something that you should not have forgotten.
You will soon forget this.
You will soon meet a person who will play an important role in your life.
You will step on the night soil of many countries.
You will stop at nothing to reach your objective, but only because your
brakes are defective.
You will triumph over your enemy.
You will visit the Dung Pits of Glive soon.
You will win success in whatever calling you adopt.
You will wish you hadn't.
You work very hard.  Don't try to think as well.
You worry too much about your job.  Stop it.  You are not paid enough to worry.
You would if you could but you can't so you won't.
You'd like to do it instantaneously, but that's too slow.
You'll be called to a post requiring ability in handling groups of people.
You'll be sorry...
You'll feel devilish tonight.  Toss dynamite caps under a flamenco dancer's
heel.
You'll feel much better once you've given up hope.
You'll never be the man your mother was!
You'll never see all the places, or read all the books, but fortunately,
they're not all recommended.
You'll wish that you had done some of the hard things when they were easier
to do.
You're a card which will have to be dealt with.
You're almost as happy as you think you are.
You're at the end of the road again.
You're being followed.  Cut out the hanky-panky for a few days.
You're currently going through a difficult transition period called "Life."
You're definitely on their list.  The question to ask next is what list it is.
You're growing out of some of your problems, but there are others that
you're growing into.
You're not my type.  For that matter, you're not even my species!!!
You're ugly and your mother dresses you funny.
You're working under a slight handicap.  You happen to be human.
You've been leading a dog's life.  Stay off the furniture.
Your aim is high and to the right.
Your aims are high, and you are capable of much.
Your analyst has you mixed up with another patient.  Don't believe a
thing he tells you.
Your best consolation is the hope that the things you failed to get weren't
really worth having.
Your boss climbed the corporate ladder, wrong by wrong.
Your boss is a few sandwiches short of a picnic.
Your boyfriend takes chocolate from strangers.
Your business will assume vast proportions.
Your business will go through a period of considerable expansion.
Your depth of comprehension may tend to make you lax in worldly ways.
Your domestic life may be harmonious.
Your fly might be open (but don't check it just now).
Your goose is cooked.
(Your current chick is burned up too!)
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout.
Your ignorance cramps my conversation.
Your life would be very empty if you had nothing to regret.
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
Your love life will be... interesting.
Your lover will never wish to leave you.
Your lucky color has faded.
Your lucky number has been disconnected.
Your lucky number is 3552664958674928.  Watch for it everywhere.
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of good news soon.
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of new developments.
Your motives for doing whatever good deed you may have in mind will be
misinterpreted by somebody.
Your nature demands love and your happiness depends on it.
Your object is to save the world, while still leading a pleasant life.
Your own qualities will help prevent your advancement in the world.
Your present plans will be successful.
Your reasoning is excellent -- it's only your basic assumptions that are wrong.
Your reasoning powers are good, and you are a fairly good planner.
Your sister swims out to meet troop ships.
Your society will be sought by people of taste and refinement.
Your step will soil many countries.
Your supervisor is thinking about you.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
Your temporary financial embarrassment will be relieved in a surprising manner.
Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.
A career is great, but you can't run your fingers through its hair.
A kiss is a course of procedure, cunningly devised, for the mutual
stoppage of speech at a moment when words are superfluous.
A woman was in love with fourteen soldiers.  It was clearly platoonic.
Absence diminishes mediocre passions and increases great ones,
as the wind blows out candles and fans fires.
		-- La Rochefoucauld
Absence in love is like water upon fire; a little quickens, but much
extinguishes it.
		-- Hannah More
All the passions make us commit faults; love makes us commit the most
ridiculous ones.
		-- La Rochefoucauld
Always there remain portions of our heart into which no one is able to enter,
invite them as we may.
Bondage maybe, discipline never!
		-- T.K.
Distrust all those who love you extremely upon a very slight acquaintance
and without any visible reason.
		-- Lord Chesterfield
Don't despair; your ideal lover is waiting for you around the corner.
Falling in Love
	When two people have been on enough dates, they generally fall in
love.  You can tell you're in love by the way you feel: your head becomes
light, your heart leaps within you, you feel like you're walking on air,
and the whole world seems like a wonderful and happy place.  Unfortunately,
these are also the four warning signs of colon disease, so it's always a
good idea to check with your doctor.
		-- Dave Barry
Falling in love is a lot like dying.  You never get to do it enough to
become good at it.
Finish the sentence below in 25 words or less:

	"Love is what you feel just before you give someone a good ..."

Mail your answer along with the top half of your supervisor to:

	P.O. Box 35
	Baffled Greek, Michigan
Give me chastity and continence, but not just now.
		-- St. Augustine
God is love, but get it in writing.
		-- Gypsy Rose Lee
"He did decide, though, that with more time and a great deal of mental
effort, he could probably turn the activity into an acceptable perversion."
		-- Mick Farren, "When Gravity Fails"
He who is in love with himself has at least this advantage -- he won't
encounter many rivals.
		-- Georg Lichtenberg, "Aphorisms"
Hearts will never be practical until they can be made unbreakable.
		-- The Wizard of Oz
HEY KIDS!  ANN LANDERS SAYS:
	Be sure it's true, when you say "I love you".  It's a sin to
	tell a lie.  Millions of hearts have been broken, just because
	these words were spoken.
His heart was yours from the first moment that you met.
How much does she love you?  Less than you'll ever know.
I am two fools, I know, for loving, and for saying so.
		-- John Donne
I can mend the break of day, heal a broken heart, and provide temporary
relief to nymphomaniacs.
		-- Larry Lee
I don't want people to love me.  It makes for obligations.
		-- Jean Anouilh
I love you more than anything in this world.  I don't expect that will last.
		-- Elvis Costello
I love you, not only for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you.
		-- Roy Croft
I loved her with a love thirsty and desperate. I felt that we two might commit
some act so atrocious that the world, seeing us, would find it irresistible.
		-- Gene Wolfe, "The Shadow of the Torturer"
I never loved another person the way I loved myself.
		-- Mae West
I think a relationship is like a shark.  It has to constantly move forward
or it dies.  Well, what we have on our hands here is a dead shark.
		-- Woody Allen
I used to be Snow White, but I drifted.
		-- Mae West
I used to think romantic love was a neurosis shared by two, a supreme
foolishness.  I no longer thought that.  There's nothing foolish in
loving anyone.  Thinking you'll be loved in return is what's foolish.
		-- Rita Mae Brown
"I'd love to go out with you, but I did my own thing and now I've got
to undo it."
"I'd love to go out with you, but I have to floss my cat."
"I'd love to go out with you, but I have to stay home and see if I snore."
"I'd love to go out with you, but I never go out on days that end in `Y.'"
"I'd love to go out with you, but I want to spend more time with my blender."
"I'd love to go out with you, but I'm attending the opening of my garage door."
"I'd love to go out with you, but I'm converting my calendar watch from
Julian to Gregorian."
"I'd love to go out with you, but I'm doing door-to-door collecting for static
cling."
"I'd love to go out with you, but I'm having all my plants neutered."
"I'd love to go out with you, but I'm staying home to work on my
cottage cheese sculpture."
"I'd love to go out with you, but I'm taking punk totem pole carving."
"I'd love to go out with you, but I've been scheduled for a karma transplant."
"I'd love to go out with you, but it's my parakeet's bowling night."
"I'd love to go out with you, but my favorite commercial is on TV."
"I'd love to go out with you, but the last time I went out, I never came back."
"I'd love to go out with you, but the man on television told me to stay tuned."
"I'd love to go out with you, but there are important world issues that
need worrying about."
I'd love to kiss you, but I just washed my hair.
		-- Bette Davis, "Cabin in the Cotton"
	"I'll tell you what I know, then," he decided.  "The pin I'm wearing
means I'm a member of the IA.  That's Inamorati Anonymous.  An inamorato is
somebody in love.  That's the worst addiction of all."
	"Somebody is about to fall in love," Oedipa said, "you go sit with
them, or something?"
	"Right.  The whole idea is to get where you don't need it.  I was
lucky.  I kicked it young.  But there are sixty-year-old men, believe it or
not, and women even older, who might wake up in the night screaming."
	"You hold meetings, then, like the AA?"
	"No, of course not.  You get a phone number, an answering service
you can call.  Nobody knows anybody else's name; just the number in case
it gets so bad you can't handle it alone.  We're isolates, Arnold.  Meetings
would destroy the whole point of it."
		-- Thomas Pynchon, "The Crying of Lot 49"
If love is the answer, could you rephrase the question?
		-- Lily Tomlin
If Love Were Oil, I'd Be About A Quart Low
		-- Book title by Lewis Grizzard
If only you knew she loved you, you could face the uncertainty of
whether you love her.
If you can't be good, be careful.  If you can't be careful, give me a call.
If you love someone, set them free.
If they don't come back, then call them up when you're drunk.
In a great romance, each person basically plays a part that the
other really likes.
		-- Elizabeth Ashley
In an age when the fashion is to be in love with yourself, confessing to
be in love with somebody else is an admission of unfaithfulness to one's
beloved.
		-- Russell Baker
In love, she who gives her portrait promises the original.
		-- Bruton
In real love you want the other person's good.  In romantic love you
want the other person.
		-- Margaret Anderson
It is far better to be deceived than to be undeceived by those we love.
Just how difficult it is to write biography can be reckoned by anybody
who sits down and considers just how many people know the real truth
about his or her love affairs.
		-- Rebecca West
Let us live!!!
Let us love!!!
Let us share the deepest secrets of our souls!!!

You first.
Let's just be friends and make no special effort to ever see each other again.
Let's not complicate our relationship by trying to communicate with each other.
Lonely is a man without love.
		-- Englebert Humperdinck
Love -- the last of the serious diseases of childhood.
Love and scandal are the best sweeteners of tea.
Love at first sight is one of the greatest labor-saving devices the
world has ever seen.
Love cannot be much younger than the lust for murder.
		-- Sigmund Freud
Love conquers all things; let us too surrender to love.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)
Love is a grave mental disease.
		-- Plato
Love is a snowmobile racing across the tundra, which suddenly flips
over, pinning you underneath.  At night the ice weasels come.
		-- Matt Groening, "Love is Hell"
Love is always open arms.  With arms open you allow love to come and
go as it wills, freely, for it will do so anyway.  If you close your
arms about love you'll find you are left only holding yourself.
Love is being stupid together.
		-- Paul Valery
Love is dope, not chicken soup.  I mean, love is something to be passed
around freely, not spooned down someone's throat for their own good by a
Jewish mother who cooked it all by herself.
Love is in the offing.
		-- The Homicidal Maniac
Love is like a friendship caught on fire.  In the beginning a flame, very
pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering.  As love
grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning
and unquenchable.
		-- Bruce Lee
Love is like the measles; we all have to go through it.
		-- Jerome K. Jerome
Love is never asking why?
Love is not enough, but it sure helps.
Love is sentimental measles.
Love is staying up all night with a sick child, or a healthy adult.
Love is the only game that is not called on account of darkness.
		-- M. Hirschfield
Love is the process of my leading you gently back to yourself.
		-- Saint Exupery
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
		-- H. L. Mencken
Love IS what it's cracked up to be.
Love is what you've been through with somebody.
		-- James Thurber
Love isn't only blind, it's also deaf, dumb, and stupid.
Love means having to say you're sorry every five minutes.
Love means never having to say you're sorry.
		-- Eric Segal, "Love Story"

That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard.
		-- Ryan O'Neill, "What's Up Doc?"
Love tells us many things that are not so.
		-- Krainian Proverb
May your SO always know when you need a hug.
"Maybe we should think of this as one perfect week... where we found each
other, and loved each other... and then let each other go before anyone
had to seek professional help."
Most people don't need a great deal of love nearly so much as they need
a steady supply.
My cup hath runneth'd over with love.
Nature abhors a virgin -- a frozen asset.
		-- Clare Booth Luce
	"No, I understand now," Auberon said, calm in the woods -- it was so
simple, really.  "I didn't, for a long time, but I do now.  You just can't
hold people, you can't own them.  I mean it's only natural, a natural process
really.  Meet.  Love.  Part.  Life goes on.  There was never any reason to
expect her to stay always the same -- I mean `in love,' you know."  There were
those doubt-quotes of Smoky's, heavily indicated.  "I don't hold a grudge.  I
can't."
	"You do," Grandfather Trout said.  "And you don't understand."
		-- Little, Big, "John Crowley"
Of all forms of caution, caution in love is the most fatal.
Of course it's possible to love a human being if you don't know them too well.
		-- Charles Bukowski
Oh, love is real enough, you will find it some day, but it has one
arch-enemy -- and that is life.
		-- Jean Anouilh, "Ardele"
On a tous un peu peur de l'amour, mais on a surtout peur de souffrir
ou de faire souffrir.
	[One is always a little afraid of love, but above all, one is
	 afraid of pain or causing pain.]
Once the realization is accepted that even between the closest human beings
infinite distances continue to exist, a wonderful living side by side can
grow up, if they succeed in loving the distance between them which makes it
possible for each to see each other whole against the sky.
		-- Rainer Rilke
One expresses well the love he does not feel.
		-- J. A. Karr
People think love is an emotion.  Love is good sense.
		-- Ken Kesey
Really??  What a coincidence, I'm shallow too!!
Sometime when you least expect it, Love will tap you on the shoulder...
and ask you to move out of the way because it still isn't your turn.
		-- N. V. Plyter
Sometimes love ain't nothing but a misunderstanding between two fools.
Sorry never means having your say to love.
Speaking of love, one problem that recurs more and more frequently these
days, in books and plays and movies, is the inability of people to communicate
with the people they love; Husbands and wives who can't communicate, children
who can't communicate with their parents, and so on.  And the characters in
these books and plays and so on (and in real life, I might add) spend hours
bemoaning the fact that they can't communicate.  I feel that if a person can't
communicate, the very _____least he can do is to shut up!
		-- Tom Lehrer, "That Was the Year that Was"
Support wildlife -- vote for an orgy.
That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love,
that no one could have loved so before us, and that no one will love
in the same way as us.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
That's life for you, said McDunn.  Someone always waiting for someone who
never comes home.  Always someone loving something more than that thing loves
them.  And after awhile you want to destroy whatever that thing is, so it
can't hurt you no more.
		-- R. Bradbury, "The Fog Horn"
	The birds are singing, the flowers are budding, and it is time
for Miss Manners to tell young lovers to stop necking in public.
	It's not that Miss Manners is immune to romance.  Miss Manners
has been known to squeeze a gentleman's arm while being helped over a
curb, and, in her wild youth, even to press a dainty slipper against a
foot or two under the dinner table.  Miss Manners also believes that the
sight of people strolling hand in hand or arm in arm or arm in hand
dresses up a city considerably more than the more familiar sight of
people shaking umbrellas at one another.  What Miss Manners objects to
is the kind of activity that frightens the horses on the street...
The giraffe you thought you offended last week is willing to be nuzzled today.
The heart has its reasons which reason knows nothing of.
		-- Blaise Pascal
The heart is wiser than the intellect.
The little pieces of my life I give to you, with love, to make a quilt
to keep away the cold.
The magic of our first love is our ignorance that it can ever end.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli
The myth of romantic love holds that once you've fallen in love with the
perfect partner, you're home free.  Unfortunately, falling out of love
seems to be just as involuntary as falling into it.
The only difference in the game of love over the last few thousand years
is that they've changed trumps from clubs to diamonds.
		-- The Indianapolis Star
The onset and the waning of love make themselves felt in the uneasiness
experienced at being alone together.
		-- Jean de la Bruyere
The perfect lover is one who turns into a pizza at 4:00 A.M.
		-- Charles Pierce
The person you rejected yesterday could make you happy, if you say yes.
The seven year itch comes from fooling around during the fourth, fifth,
and sixth years.
The story of the butterfly:
	"I was in Bogota and waiting for a lady friend.  I was in love,
a long time ago.  I waited three days.  I was hungry but could not go
out for food, lest she come and I not be there to greet her.  Then, on
the third day, I heard a knock."
	"I hurried along the old passage and there, in the sunlight,
there was nothing."
	"Just," Vance Joy said, "a butterfly, flying away."
		-- Peter Carey, BLISS
The sweeter the apple, the blacker the core --
Scratch a lover and find a foe!
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Ballad of a Great Weariness"
The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost.
There are some micro-organisms that exhibit characteristics of both plants
and animals.  When exposed to light they undergo photosynthesis; and when
the lights go out, they turn into animals.  But then again, don't we all?
There is no fear in love; but perfect love casts out fear.
		-- 1 John 4:18
There is only one way to be happy by means of the heart -- to have none.
		-- Paul Bourget
There's so much to say but your eyes keep interrupting me.
Timing must be perfect now.  Two-timing must be better than perfect.
To be loved is very demoralizing.
		-- Katharine Hepburn
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three
parts dead.
		-- Bertrand Russell
Total strangers need love, too; and I'm stranger than most.
True happiness will be found only in true love.
Under deadline pressure for the next week.  If you want something, it can wait.
Unless it's blind screaming paroxysmally hedonistic...
We don't believe in rheumatism and true love until after the first attack.
		-- Marie Ebner von Eschenbach
What is irritating about love is that it is a crime that requires an accomplice.
		-- Charles Baudelaire
When your life is a leaf that the seasons tear off and condemn
They will bind you with love that is graceful and green as a stem.
		-- Leonard Cohen, "Sisters of Mercy"
Why I Can't Go Out With You:

I'd LOVE to, but ...
	-- I have to floss my cat.
	-- I've dedicated my life to linguini.
	-- I need to spend more time with my blender.
	-- it wouldn't be fair to the other Beautiful People.
	-- it's my night to pet the dog/ferret/goldfish.
	-- I'm going downtown to try on some gloves.
	-- I have to check the freshness dates on my dairy products.
	-- I'm going down to the bakery to watch the buns rise.
	-- I have an appointment with a cuticle specialist.
	-- I have some really hard words to look up.
	-- I've got a Friends of the Lowly Rutabaga meeting.
		-- I promised to help a friend fold road maps.
Why I Can't Go Out With You:

I'd LOVE to, but...
	-- I have to answer all of my "occupant" letters.
	-- None of my socks match.
	-- I'm having all my plants neutered.
	-- I changed the lock on my door and now I can't get out.
	-- My yucca plant is feeling yucky.
	-- I'm touring China with a wok band.
	-- My chocolate-appreciation class meets that night.
	-- I'm running off to Yugoslavia with a foreign-exchange student
		named Basil Metabolism.
	-- There are important world issues that need worrying about.
	-- I'm going to count the bristles in my toothbrush.
	-- I prefer to remain an enigma.
	-- I think you want the OTHER Peggy/Cathy/Mike/whomever.
		-- I feel a song coming on.
Why I Can't Go Out With You:

I'd LOVE to, but...
	-- I have to draw "Cubby" for an art scholarship.
	-- I have to sit up with a sick ant.
	-- I'm trying to be less popular.
	-- My bathroom tiles need grouting.
	-- I'm waiting to see if I'm already a winner.
	-- My subconscious says no.
	-- I just picked up a book called "Glue in Many Lands" and I
		can't seem to put it down.
	-- My favorite commercial is on TV.
	-- I have to study for my blood test.
	-- I've been traded to Cincinnati.
	-- I'm having my baby shoes bronzed.
		-- I have to go to court for kitty littering.
Why I Can't Go Out With You:

I'd LOVE to, but...
	-- I'm trying to see how long I can go without saying yes.
	-- I'm attending the opening of my garage door.
	-- The monsters haven't turned blue yet, and I have to eat more dots.
	-- I'm converting my calendar watch from Julian to Gregorian.
	-- I have to fulfill my potential.
	-- I don't want to leave my comfort zone.
	-- It's too close to the turn of the century.
	-- I have to bleach my hare.
	-- I'm worried about my vertical hold knob.
		-- I left my body in my other clothes.
Why I Can't Go Out With You:

I'd LOVE to, but...
	-- I've got a Friends of the Lowly Rutabaga meeting.
	-- I promised to help a friend fold road maps.
	-- I've been scheduled for a karma transplant.
	-- I'm staying home to work on my cottage cheese sculpture.
	-- It's my parakeet's bowling night.
	-- I'm building a plant from a kit.
	-- There's a disturbance in the Force.
	-- I'm doing door-to-door collecting for static cling.
	-- I'm teaching my ferret to yodel.
		-- My crayons all melted together.
"Why must you tell me all your secrets when it's hard enough to love
you knowing nothing?"
		-- Lloyd Cole and the Commotions
Without love intelligence is dangerous;
without intelligence love is not enough.
		-- Ashley Montagu
Wouldn't this be a great world if being insecure and desperate were a turn-on?
		-- "Broadcast News"
Yeah, there are more important things in life than money, but they won't go
out with you if you don't have any.
You shouldn't have to pay for your love with your bones and your flesh.
		-- Pat Benatar, "Hell is for Children"
1 bulls, 3 cows.
$3,000,000.
40 isn't old.  If you're a tree.
	A crow perched himself on a telephone wire.  He was going to make a
long-distance caw.
A furore Normanorum libera nos, O Domine!
	[From the fury of the norsemen deliver us, O Lord!]
		-- Medieval prayer
A log may float in a river, but that does not make it a crocodile.
A pickup with three guys in it pulls into the lumber yard.  One of the men
gets out and goes into the office.
	"I need some four-by-two's," he says.
	"You must mean two-by-four's" replies the clerk.
	The man scratches his head.  "Wait a minute," he says, "I'll go
check."
	Back, after an animated conversation with the other occupants of the
truck, he reassures the clerk, that, yes, in fact, two-by-fours would be
acceptable.
	"OK," says the clerk, writing it down, "how long you want 'em?"
	The guy gets the blank look again.  "Uh... I guess I better go
check," he says.
	He goes back out to the truck, and there's another animated
conversation.  The guy comes back into the office.  "A long time," he says,
"we're building a house".
A prediction is worth twenty explanations.
		-- K. Brecher
	A reverend wanted to telephone another reverend.  He told the operator,
"This is a parson to parson call."
A squeegee by any other name wouldn't sound as funny.
A vacuum is a hell of a lot better than some of the stuff that nature
replaces it with.
		-- Tennessee Williams
	A young girl, Carmen Cohen, was called by her last name by her father,
and her first name by her mother.  By the time she was ten, didn't know if she
was Carmen or Cohen.
According to my best recollection, I don't remember.
		-- Vincent "Jimmy Blue Eyes" Alo
Adults die young.
African violet:		Such worth is rare
Apple blossom:		Preference
Bachelor's button:	Celibacy
Bay leaf:		I change but in death
Camelia:		Reflected loveliness
Chrysanthemum, red:	I love
Chrysanthemum, white:	Truth
Chrysanthemum, other:	Slighted love
Clover:			Be mine
Crocus:			Abuse not
Daffodil:		Innocence
Forget-me-not:		True love
Fuchsia:		Fast
Gardenia:		Secret, untold love
Honeysuckle:		Bonds of love
Ivy:			Friendship, fidelity, marriage
Jasmine:		Amiablity, transports of joy, sensuality
Leaves (dead):		Melancholy
Lilac:			Youthful innocence
Lilly:			Purity, sweetness
Lilly of the valley:	Return of happiness
Magnolia:		Dignity, perseverance
	* An upside-down blossom reverses the meaning.
Age is a tyrant who forbids, at the penalty of life, all the pleasures of youth.
Agree with them now, it will save so much time.
Ah, the Tsar's bazaar's bizarre beaux-arts!
Ahhhhhh... the smell of cuprinol and mahogany.  It excites me to...
acts of passion... acts of... ineptitude.
All phone calls are obscene.
		-- Karen Elizabeth Gordon
All the really good ideas I ever had came to me while I was milking a cow.
		-- Grant Wood
Am I ranting?  I hope so.  My ranting gets raves.
AMAZING BUT TRUE ...
	If all the salmon caught in Canada in one year were laid end to end
	across the Sahara Desert, the smell would be absolutely awful.
AMAZING BUT TRUE ...
	There is so much sand in Northern Africa that if it were spread out it
	would completely cover the Sahara Desert.
Amnesia used to be my favorite word, but then I forgot it.
An atom-blaster is a good weapon, but it can point both ways.
		-- Isaac Asimov
... and furthermore ... I don't like your trousers.
And I alone am returned to wag the tail.
Any stone in your boot always migrates against the pressure gradient to
exactly the point of most pressure.
		-- Milt Barber
Any time things appear to be going better, you have overlooked something.
Are we not men?
As Zeus said to Narcissus, "Watch yourself."
Avec!
BAD CRAZINESS, MAN!!!
Bare feet magnetize sharp metal objects so they point upward from the
floor -- especially in the dark.
Batteries not included.
BE ALERT!!!! (The world needs more lerts...)
BE ALOOF!  (There has been a recent population explosion of lerts.)
Before I knew the best part of my life had come, it had gone.
Being frustrated is disagreeable, but the real disasters in life begin
when you get what you want.
Believe everything you hear about the world; nothing is too impossibly bad.
		-- Honor'e de Balzac
Biggest security gap -- an open mouth.
Bizarreness is the essence of the exotic.
Blame Saint Andreas -- it's all his fault.
Blessed are they who Go Around in Circles, for they Shall be Known as Wheels.
Blue paint today.
		[Funny to Jack Slingwine, Guy Harris and Hal Pierson.  Ed.]
Boy!  Eucalyptus!
Boy, that crayon sure did hurt!
Bushydo -- the way of the shrub.  Bonsai!
	"But Huey, you PROMISED!"
	"Tell 'em I lied."
But like the Good Book says... There's BIGGER DEALS to come!
By perseverance the snail reached the Ark.
		-- Charles Spurgeon
CF&C stole it, fair and square.
		-- Tim Hahn
	Chapter VIII

Due to the convergence of forces beyond his comprehension, Salvatore
Quanucci was suddenly squirted out of the universe like a watermelon
seed, and never heard from again.
Colorless green ideas sleep furiously.
Confucius say too much.
		-- Recent Chinese Proverb
Congratulations are in order for Tom Reid.

He says he just found out he is the winner of the 2021 Psychic of the
Year award.
Culture is the habit of being pleased with the best and knowing why.
Custer committed Siouxicide.

"Whatever the missing mass of the universe is, I hope it's not cockroaches!"
		-- Mom
Death to all fanatics!
Depart in pieces, i.e., split.
Deprive a mirror of its silver and even the Czar won't see his face.
Did I say 2?  I lied.
Did it ever occur to you that fat chance and slim chance mean the same thing?

Or that we drive on parkways and park on driveways?
Did you hear about the model who sat on a broken bottle and cut a nice figure?
Did you know ...

That no-one ever reads these things?
"Die?  I should say not, dear fellow.  No Barrymore would allow such a
conventional thing to happen to him."
		-- John Barrymore's dying words
Dignity is like a flag.  It flaps in a storm.
		-- Roy Mengot
Dime is money.
Do not underestimate the power of the Force.
Do not use that foreign word "ideals".  We have that excellent native
word "lies".
		-- Henrik Ibsen, "The Wild Duck"
Do people know you have freckles everywhere?
Do students of Zen Buddhism do Om-work?
	"Do you believe in intuition?"
	"No, but I have a strange feeling that someday I will."
Do you have lysdexia?
Do YOU have redeeming social value?
Does a one-legged duck swim in a circle?
Don't force it, get a larger hammer.
		-- Anthony
Don't guess -- check your security regulations.
Don't I know you?
Don't let your status become too quo!
Don't quit now, we might just as well lock the door and throw away the key.
Don't speak about Time, until you have spoken to him.
Don't worry -- the brontosaurus is slow, stupid, and placid.
Don't worry if you're a kleptomaniac; you can always take something for it.
Double!
Dr. Jekyll had something to Hyde.
Dr. Livingston?
Dr. Livingston I. Presume?
Drawing on my fine command of language, I said nothing.
Dreams are free, but there's a small charge for alterations.
Drop that pickle!
Drop the vase and it will become a Ming of the past.
		-- The Adventurer
Duckies are fun!
Ducks?  What ducks??
Dungeons and Dragons is just a lot of Saxon Violence.
	During a fight, a husband threw a bowl of Jello at his wife.  She had
him arrested for carrying a congealed weapon.
	In another fight, the wife decked him with a heavy glass pitcher.
She's a women who conks to stupor.
Dyslexia means never having to say that you're ysror.
Dyslexics have more fnu.
DYSLEXICS OF THE WORLD, UNTIE!
"Earth is a great, big funhouse without the fun."
		-- Jeff Berner
Editing is a rewording activity.
Eggheads unite!  You have nothing to lose but your yolks.
		-- Adlai Stevenson
Events are not affected, they develop.
		-- Sri Aurobindo
Ever wonder why fire engines are red?

Because newspapers are read too.
Two and Two is four.
Four and four is eight.
Eight and four is twelve.
There are twelve inches in a ruler.
Queen Mary was a ruler.
Queen Mary was a ship.
Ships sail the sea.
There are fishes in the sea.
Fishes have fins.
The Finns fought the Russians.
Russians are red.
Fire engines are always rush'n.
Therefore fire engines are red.
Every absurdity has a champion who will defend it.
Every day it's the same thing -- variety.  I want something different.
Every time I think I know where it's at, they move it.
Every time you manage to close the door on Reality, it comes in through the
window.
Every word is like an unnecessary stain on silence and nothingness.
		-- Beckett
Everything bows to success, even grammar.
Everything can be filed under "miscellaneous".
Everything might be different in the present if only one thing had
been different in the past.
Everything should be built top-down, except the first time.
Everything should be built top-down, except this time.
Everything takes longer, costs more, and is less useful.
		-- Erwin Tomash
Everything you know is wrong!
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
		-- Aldous Huxley
Facts, apart from their relationships, are like labels on empty bottles.
		-- Sven Italla
	"Fantasies are free."
	"NO!! NO!! It's the thought police!!!!"
Far duller than a serpent's tooth it is to spend a quiet youth.
Fats Loves Madelyn.
Finding out what goes on in the C.I.A. is like performing acupuncture
on a rock.
		-- New York Times, Jan. 20, 1981
Five bicycles make a volkswagen, seven make a truck.
		-- Adolfo Guzman
Flame on!
		-- Johnny Storm
Fly me away to the bright side of the moon ...
For a holy stint, a moth of the cloth gave up his woolens for lint.
For thee the wonder-working earth puts forth sweet flowers.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus
Force it!!!
If it breaks, well, it wasn't working anyway...
No, don't force it, get a bigger hammer.
FORCE YOURSELF TO RELAX!
Forest fires cause Smokey Bears.
Fortune's graffito of the week (or maybe even month):

		Don't Write On Walls!

		   (and underneath)

		You want I should type?
Fortune's Office Door Sign of the Week:

	Incorrigible punster -- Do not incorrige.
	"Found it," the Mouse replied rather crossly: "of course you know
what 'it' means."
	"I know what 'it' means well enough, when I find a thing," said the
Duck: "it's generally a frog or a worm.  The question is, what did the
archbishop find?"
From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back.
That is the point that must be reached.
		-- F. Kafka
Furious activity is no substitute for understanding.
		-- H. H. Williams
General notions are generally wrong.
		-- Lady M. W. Montagu
Give me a Plumber's friend the size of the Pittsburgh dome, and a place
to stand, and I will drain the world.
GIVE UP!!!!
Given my druthers, I'd druther not.
Gloffing is a state of mine.
Go 'way!  You're bothering me!
Go away, I'm all right.
		-- H. G. Wells' last words.
Go climb a gravity well!
Goals... Plans... they're fantasies, they're part of a dream world...
		-- Wally Shawn
God is Dead.
		-- Nietzsche
Nietzsche is Dead.
		-- God
Nietzsche is God.
		-- Dead
God isn't dead, he just couldn't find a parking place.
God isn't dead.  He just doesn't want to get involved.
God made the world in six days, and was arrested on the seventh.
God was satisfied with his own work, and that is fatal.
		-- Samuel Butler
God, I ask for patience -- and I want it right now!
Good news is just life's way of keeping you off balance.
Half Moon tonight.  (At least it's better than no Moon at all.)
Happiness makes up in height what it lacks in length.
Happy feast of the pig!
Hard reality has a way of cramping your style.
		-- Daniel Dennett
Have at you!
Have the courage to take your own thoughts seriously, for they will shape you.
		-- Albert Einstein
	"Have you lived here all your life?"
	"Oh, twice that long."
Have you locked your file cabinet?
Have you noticed that all you need to grow healthy, vigorous grass is a
crack in your sidewalk?
"He flung himself on his horse and rode madly off in all directions."
He who spends a storm beneath a tree, takes life with a grain of TNT.
Hedonist for hire... no job too easy!
Help a swallow land at Capistrano.
Help stamp out and abolish redundancy and repetition.
HELP!  Man trapped in a human body!
HELP!  MY TYPEWRITER IS BROKEN!
		-- E. E. CUMMINGS
Here there be tygers.
"His eyes were cold.  As cold as the bitter winter snow that was falling
outside.  Yes, cold and therefore difficult to chew..."
Honk if you hate bumper stickers that say "Honk if ..."
Honk if you love peace and quiet.
Housework can kill you if done right.
		-- Erma Bombeck
How can you be in two places at once when you're not anywhere at all?
How come only your friends step on your new white sneakers?
How come we never talk anymore?
How come wrong numbers are never busy?
How kind of you to be willing to live someone's life for them.
How much of their influence on you is a result of your influence on them?
How untasteful can you get?
Huh?
I always wake up at the crack of ice.
		-- Joe E. Lewis
I am the mother of all things, and all things should wear a sweater.
I can read your mind, and you should be ashamed of yourself.
I can relate to that.
I can resist anything but temptation.
I couldn't possibly fail to disagree with you less.
I despise the pleasure of pleasing people whom I despise.
I don't have any solution but I certainly admire the problem.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant
"I don't mind going nowhere as long as it's an interesting path."
		-- Ronald Mabbitt
I don't understand you anymore.
I don't wish to appear overly inquisitive, but are you still alive?
I enjoy the time that we spend together.
I exist, therefore I am paid.
I fear explanations explanatory of things explained.
I feel sorry for your brain... all alone in that great big head...
"I found out why my car was humming.  It had forgotten the words."
I hate quotations.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
I hate trolls.  Maybe I could metamorph it into something else -- like a
ravenous, two-headed, fire-breathing dragon.
		-- Willow
I have a terrible headache,  I was putting on toilet water and the lid fell.
I have become me without my consent.
I have more hit points that you can possible imagine.
I have seen the Great Pretender and he is not what he seems.
I haven't lost my mind; I know exactly where I left it.
I hear the sound that the machines make, and feel my heart break, just
for a moment.
I hear what you're saying but I just don't care.
I know it all.  I just can't remember it all at once.
I know you think you thought you knew what you thought I said,
but I'm not sure you understood what you thought I meant.
I know you're in search of yourself, I just haven't seen you anywhere.
I live the way I type; fast, with a lot of mistakes.
I love treason but hate a traitor.
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar
I never did it that way before.
"I only touch base with reality on an as-needed basis!"
		-- Royal Floyd Mengot (Klaus)
	[I plan] to see, hear, touch, and destroy everything in my path,
including beets, rutabagas, and most random vegetables, but excluding yams,
as I am absolutely terrified of yams...
	Actually, I think my fear of yams began in my early youth, when many
of my young comrades pelted me with same for singing songs of far-off lands
and deep blue seas in a language closely resembling that of the common sow.
My psychosis was further impressed into my soul as I reached adolescence,
when, while skipping through a field of yams, light-heartedly tossing flowers
into the stratosphere, a great yam-picking machine tore through the fields,
pursuing me to the edge of the great plantation, where I escaped by diving
into a great ditch filled with a mixture of water and pig manure, which may
explain my tendency to scream, "Here come the Martians!  Hide the eggs!" every
time I have pork.  But I digress.  The fact remains that I cannot rationally
deal with yams, and pigs are terrible conversationalists.
I predict that today will be remembered until tomorrow!
I refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed person.
I saw what you did and I know who you are.
I smell a wumpus.
I thought YOU silenced the guard!
I understand why you're confused.  You're thinking too much.
		-- Carole Wallach.
I used to be an agnostic, but now I'm not so sure.
I used to get high on life but lately I've built up a resistance.
I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not so sure.
I want to reach your mind -- where is it currently located?
I will always love the false image I had of you.
I will make you shorter by the head.
		-- Elizabeth I
I will never lie to you.
I will not forget you.
I wouldn't be so paranoid if you weren't all out to get me!!
I'd be a poorer man if I'd never seen an eagle fly.
		-- John Denver

[I saw an eagle fly once.  Fortunately, I had my eagle fly swatter handy.  Ed.]
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
	"I'm dying," he croaked.
	"My experiment was a success," the chemist retorted .
	"You can't really train a beagle," he dogmatized.
	"That's no beagle, it's a mongrel," she muttered.
	"The fire is going out," he bellowed.
	"Bad marksmanship," the hunter groused.
	"You ought to see a psychiatrist," he reminded me.
	"You snake," she rattled.
	"Someone's at the door," she chimed.
	"Company's coming," she guessed.
	"Dawn came too soon," she mourned.
	"I think I'll end it all," Sue sighed.
	"I ordered chocolate, not vanilla," I screamed.
	"Your embroidery is sloppy," she needled cruelly.
	"Where did you get this meat?" he bridled hoarsely.
		-- Gyles Brandreth, "The Joy of Lex"
I'm glad I was not born before tea.
		-- Sidney Smith (1771-1845)
I'm going to raise an issue and stick it in your ear.
		-- John Foreman
I'm not laughing with you, I'm laughing at you.
I'm not offering myself as an example; every life evolves by its own laws.
I'm not prejudiced, I hate everyone equally.
I'm not proud.
I'm not tense, just terribly, terribly alert!
I'm prepared for all emergencies but totally unprepared for everyday life.
I'm so broke I can't even pay attention.
I've Been Moved!
I've been there.
I've enjoyed just about as much of this as I can stand.
Identify your visitor.
Idleness is the holiday of fools.
"If a camel flies, no one laughs if it doesn't get very far."
		-- Paul White
If all men were brothers, would you let one marry your sister?
If everything is coming your way then you're in the wrong lane.
If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked something.
If God is dead, who will save the Queen?
If God is One, what is bad?
		-- Charles Manson
If I could drop dead right now, I'd be the happiest man alive!
		-- Samuel Goldwyn
If I don't see you in the future, I'll see you in the pasture.
If I love you, what business is it of yours?
		-- Johann van Goethe
If it doesn't smell yet, it's pretty fresh.
		-- Dave Johnson, on dead seagulls
If it pours before seven, it has rained by eleven.
If it wasn't so warm out today, it would be cooler.
If it weren't for the last minute, nothing would ever get done.
If life gives you lemons, make lemonade.
If life is merely a joke, the question still remains: for whose amusement?
If life isn't what you wanted, have you asked for anything else?
If rabbits' feet are so lucky, what happened to the rabbit?
If the ends don't justify the means, then what does?
		-- Robert Moses
If the English language made any sense, lackadaisical would have something
to do with a shortage of flowers.
		-- Doug Larson

	[Not to mention, butterfly would be flutterby. Ed.]
If the future isn't what it used to be, does that mean that the past
is subject to change in times to come?
If the grass is greener on other side of fence, consider what may be
fertilizing it.
If the meanings of "true" and "false" were switched, then this sentence
would not be false.
If the odds are a million to one against something occurring, chances
are 50-50 it will.
If there is no God, who pops up the next Kleenex?
		-- Art Hoppe
If time heals all wounds, how come the belly button stays the same?
If we see the light at the end of the tunnel, it's the light of an
oncoming train.
		-- Robert Lowell
If you are going to walk on thin ice, you may as well dance.
If you can lead it to water and force it to drink, it isn't a horse.
If you do not think about the future, you cannot have one.
		-- John Galsworthy
If you have nothing to do, don't do it here.
If you knew what to say next, would you say it?
If you know the answer to a question, don't ask.
		-- Petersen Nesbit
If you stick your head in the sand, one thing is for sure, you're gonna
get your rear kicked.
If you're right 90% of the time, why quibble about the remaining 3%?
Imagination is the one weapon in the war against reality.
		-- Jules de Gaultier
Imagine what we can imagine!
		-- Arthur Rubinstein
Immanuel doesn't pun, he Kant.
Immanuel Kant but Kubla Khan.
In case of fire, stand in the hall and shout "Fire!"
		-- The Kidner Report
In my end is my beginning.
		-- Mary Stuart, Queen of Scots
In the war of wits, he's unarmed.
In this world, truth can wait; she's used to it.
Include me out.
Indecision is the true basis for flexibility.
Indifference will certainly be the downfall of mankind, but who cares?
Insomnia isn't anything to lose sleep over.
Is death legally binding?
Isn't air travel wonderful?  Breakfast in London, dinner in New York,
luggage in Brazil.
It has long been known that birds will occasionally build nests in the
manes of horses.  The only known solution to this problem is to sprinkle
baker's yeast in the mane, for, as we all know, yeast is yeast and nest
is nest, and never the mane shall tweet.
It is a lesson which all history teaches wise men, to put trust in ideas,
and not in circumstances.
		-- Emerson
It is better never to have been born.  But who among us has such luck?
One in a million, perhaps.
It is better to be bow-legged than no-legged.
It is better to kiss an avocado than to get in a fight with an aardvark.
It is easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
		-- Leonardo da Vinci
It is easier to run down a hill than up one.
It is the business of the future to be dangerous.
		-- Hawkwind
It is very difficult to prophesy, especially when it pertains to the future.
It isn't easy being a Friday kind of person in a Monday kind of world.
It looks like blind screaming hedonism won out.
It occurred to me lately that nothing has occurred to me lately.
"It was a virgin forest, a place where the Hand of Man had never set foot."
It was one of those perfect summer days -- the sun was shining, a breeze
was blowing, the birds were singing, and the lawn mower was broken ...
		-- James Dent
It was pleasant to me to get a letter from you the other day.  Perhaps
I should have found it pleasanter if I had been able to decipher it.  I
don't think that I mastered anything beyond the date (which I knew) and
the signature (which I guessed at).  There's a singular and a perpetual
charm in a letter of yours; it never grows old, it never loses its
novelty.  Other letters are read and thrown away and forgotten, but
yours are kept forever -- unread.  One of them will last a reasonable
man a lifetime.
		-- Thomas Aldrich
It wasn't that she had a rose in her teeth, exactly.  It was more like
the rose and the teeth were in the same glass.
It would save me a lot of time if you just gave up and went mad now.
It'll be a nice world if they ever get it finished.
It's a .88 magnum -- it goes through schools.
		-- Danny Vermin
It's amazing how much better you feel once you've given up hope.
It's not the fall that kills you, it's the landing.
It's pretty hard to tell what does bring happiness; poverty and wealth
have both failed.
		-- Kim Hubbard
Joe's sister puts spaghetti in her shoes!
Join the march to save individuality!
Just because everything is different doesn't mean anything has changed.
		-- Irene Peter
Just give Alice some pencils and she will stay busy for hours.
Kilroe hic erat!
Kiss me twice.  I'm schizophrenic.
Kissing a fish is like smoking a bicycle.
Knocked, you weren't in.
		-- Opportunity
Know what I hate most?  Rhetorical questions.
		-- Henry N. Camp
L'hasard ne favorise que l'esprit prepare.
		-- L. Pasteur
La-dee-dee, la-dee-dah.
Lake Erie died for your sins.
Language is a virus from another planet.
		-- William Burroughs
Laughing at you is like drop-kicking a wounded humming bird.
Lemmings don't grow older, they just die.
Let he who takes the plunge remember to return it by Tuesday.
Let me put it this way: today is going to be a learning experience.
Let others praise ancient times; I am glad I was born in these.
		-- Ovid (43 B.C. - A.D. 18)
Let's remind ourselves that last year's fresh idea is today's cliche.
		-- Austen Briggs
Life -- Love It or Leave It.
Life being what it is, one dreams of revenge.
		-- Paul Gauguin
Life is both difficult and time-consuming.
Life is fraught with opportunities to keep your mouth shut.
Life is just a bowl of cherries, but why do I always get the pits?
Life is like a simile.
Life is like an analogy.
Life is not for everyone.
Life would be tolerable but for its amusements.
		-- G. B. Shaw
Like winter snow on summer lawn, time past is time gone.
Littering is dumb.
		-- Ronald Macdonald
Live fast, die young, and leave a flat patch of fur on the highway!
		-- The Squirrels' Motto (The "Hell's Angels of Nature")
Look out!  Behind you!
Look!  Before our very eyes, the future is becoming the past.
Lookie, lookie, here comes cookie...
		-- Stephen Sondheim
Losing your drivers' license is just God's way of saying "BOOGA, BOOGA!"
Lost interest?  It's so bad I've lost apathy.
Love the sea?  I dote upon it -- from the beach.
Luck can't last a lifetime, unless you die young.
		-- Russell Banks
Madness takes its toll.
Man who falls in blast furnace is certain to feel overwrought.
Man who falls in vat of molten optical glass makes spectacle of self.
Man who sleep in beer keg wake up sticky.
Marigold:		Jealousy
Mint:			Virtue
Orange blossom:		Your purity equals your loveliness
Orchid:			Beauty, magnificence
Pansy:			Thoughts
Peach blossom:		I am your captive
Petunia:		Your presence soothes me
Poppy:			Sleep
Rose, any color:	Love
Rose, deep red:		Bashful shame
Rose, single, pink:	Simplicity
Rose, thornless, any:	Early attachment
Rose, white:		I am worthy of you
Rose, yellow:		Decrease of love, rise of jealousy
Rosebud, white:		Girlhood, and a heart ignorant of love
Rosemary:		Remembrance
Sunflower:		Haughtiness
Tulip, red:		Declaration of love
Tulip, yellow:		Hopeless love
Violet, blue:		Faithfulness
Violet, white:		Modesty
Zinnia:			Thoughts of absent friends
	* An upside-down blossom reverses the meaning.
May a hundred thousand midgets invade your home singing cheesy lounge-lizard
versions of songs from The Wizard of Oz.
May a Misguided Platypus lay its Eggs in your Jockey Shorts.
May the fleas of a thousand camels infest your armpits.
May your camel be as swift as the wind.
May your Tongue stick to the Roof of your Mouth with the Force of a
Thousand Caramels.
Meester, do you vant to buy a duck?
Memory should be the starting point of the present.
Mene, mene, tekel, upharsen.
Metermaids eat their young.
Microbiology Lab:  Staph Only!
Mirrors should reflect a little before throwing back images.
		-- Jean Cocteau
Moebius strippers never show you their back side.
Moebius always does it on the same side.
Monday is an awful way to spend one seventh of your life.
Most burning issues generate far more heat than light.
Most general statements are false, including this one.
		-- Alexander Dumas
Mother Earth is not flat!
Mother is far too clever to understand anything she does not like.
		-- Arnold Bennett
Mount St. Helens should have used earth control.
Must be getting close to town -- we're hitting more people.
My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my
life there.
My, how you've changed since I've changed.
'Naomi, sex at noon taxes.' I moan.
Never odd or even.
A man, a plan, a canal, Panama.
Madam, I'm Adam.
Sit on a potato pan, Otis.
Sit on Otis.
		-- The Mad Palindromist
Never be afraid to tell the world who you are.
		-- Anonymous
Never use "etc." -- it makes people think there is more where there is not
or that there is not space to list it all, etc.
Never volunteer for anything.
		-- Lackland
New members are urgently needed in the Society for Prevention of
Cruelty to Yourself.  Apply within.
Nietzsche is pietzsche, but Schiller is killer, and Goethe is moethe.
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings.
		-- William Blake
No guts, no glory.
No matter how cynical you get, it's impossible to keep up.
No matter how much you do you never do enough.
No small art is it to sleep: it is necessary for that purpose to keep
awake all day.
		-- Nietzsche
No yak too dirty; no dumpster too hollow.
Nobody ever died from oven crude poisoning.
Non-Determinism is not meant to be reasonable.
		-- M. J. 0'Donnell
Non-sequiturs make me eat lampshades.
Nostalgia is living life in the past lane.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Not to laugh, not to lament, not to curse, but to understand.
		-- Spinoza
Nothing can be done in one trip.
		-- Snider
Nothing cures insomnia like the realization that it's time to get up.
Nothing is so firmly believed as that which we least know.
		-- Michel de Montaigne
Nothing is so often irretrievably missed as a daily opportunity.
		-- Ebner-Eschenbach
Nothing lasts forever.
Where do I find nothing?
NOTICE:

-- THE ELEVATORS WILL BE OUT OF ORDER TODAY --

(The nearest working elevator is in the building across the street.)
Now there's a violent movie titled, "The Croquet Homicide," or "Murder
With Mallets Aforethought."
		-- Shelby Friedman, WSJ.
Nudists are people who wear one-button suits.
O imitators, you slavish herd!
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
O.K., fine.
Odets, where is thy sting?
		-- George S. Kaufman
Oh yeah?  Well, I remember when sex was dirty and the air was clean.
Oh, well, I guess this is just going to be one of those lifetimes.
Oh, wow!  Look at the moon!
Once I finally figured out all of life's answers, they changed the questions.
Onward through the fog.
Operator, please trace this call and tell me where I am.
Our houseplants have a good sense of humous.
Our problems are so serious that the best way to talk about them is
lightheartedly.
Over the years, I've developed my sense of deja vu so acutely that now
I can remember things that *have* happened before ...
Paranoid Club meeting this Friday.  Now ... just try to find out where!
Pardon me while I laugh.
Paul Revere was a tattle-tale.
Peace be to this house, and all that dwell in it.
Phone call for chucky-pooh.
Piece of cake!
		-- G. S. Koblas
Plastic...  Aluminum...  These are the inheritors of the Universe!
Flesh and Blood have had their day... and that day is past!
		-- Green Lantern Comics
Please help keep the world clean: others may wish to use it.
Please remain calm, it's no use both of us being hysterical at the same time.
Predestination was doomed from the start.
Prediction is very difficult, especially of the future.
		-- Niels Bohr
Preserve the old, but know the new.
Progress might have been all right once, but it's gone on too long.
		-- Ogden Nash
Progress was all right.  Only it went on too long.
		-- James Thurber
Punning is the worst vice, and there's no vice versa.
Pyros of the world... IGNITE !!!
QED.
Quack!
	Quack!! Quack!!
Question: Is it better to abide by the rules until they're changed or
help speed the change by breaking them?
Quick!!  Act as if nothing has happened!
Quod erat demonstrandum.
	[Thus it is proven.  For those who wondered WTF QED means.]
Rainy days and automatic weapons always get me down.
Rainy days and Mondays always get me down.
Reality -- what a concept!
		-- Robin Williams
Remember that there is an outside world to see and enjoy.
		-- Hans Liepmann
Remember the... the... uhh.....
Remember, drive defensively! And of course, the best defense is a good offense!
Resisting temptation is easier when you think you'll probably get
another chance later on.
Ring around the collar.
Rubber bands have snappy endings!
Safety Third.
Sailors in ships, sail on!  Even while we died, others rode out the storm.
Sank heaven for leetle curls.
Santa Claus is watching!
Santa's elves are just a bunch of subordinate Clauses.
Satire does not look pretty upon a tombstone.
Save the bales!
Save the Whales -- Harpoon a Honda.
Save the whales.  Collect the whole set.
See, these two penguins walked into a bar, which was really stupid, 'cause
the second one should have seen it.
She has an alarm clock and a phone that don't ring -- they applaud.
She's genuinely bogus.
	"Sheriff, we gotta catch Black Bart."
	"Oh, yeah?  What's he look like?"
	"Well, he's wearin' a paper hat, a paper shirt, paper pants and
paper boots."
	"What's he wanted for?"
	"Rustling."
Shirley MacLaine died today in a freak psychic collision today.  Two freaks
in a van  [Oh no!!  It's the Copyright Police!!]  Her aura-charred body was
laid to rest after a eulogy by Jackie Collins, fellow member of SAFE [Society
of Asinine Flake Entertainers].  Excerpted from some of his more quotable
comments:

	"Truly a woman of the times.  These times, those times..."
	"A Renaissance woman.  Why in 1432..."
	"A man for all seasons.  Really..."

After the ceremony, Shirley thanked her mourners and explained how delightful
it was to "get it together" again, presumably referring to having her now dead
body join her long dead brain.
Sight is a faculty; seeing is an art.
Silence is the element in which great things fashion themselves.
		-- Thomas Carlyle
Silence is the only virtue you have left.
Slang is language that takes off its coat, spits on its hands, and goes to work.
Sleep is for the weak and sickly.
Smear the road with a runner!!
Solipsists of the World... you are already united.
		-- Kayvan Sylvan
Some changes are so slow, you don't notice them.  Others are so fast,
they don't notice you.
Some parts of the past must be preserved, and some of the future prevented
at all costs.
Some people live life in the fast lane.  You're in oncoming traffic.
Someday we'll look back on this moment and plow into a parked car.
		-- Evan Davis
Someday you'll get your big chance -- or have you already had it?
Someday, Weederman, we'll look back on all this and laugh... It will
probably be one of those deep, eerie ones that slowly builds to a
blood-curdling maniacal scream... but still it will be a laugh.
		-- Mister Boffo
Somehow I reached excess without ever noticing when I was passing through
satisfaction.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant
Somehow, the world always affects you more than you affect it.
Sometimes, too long is too long.
		-- Joe Crowe
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
		-- Carl Sagan
Sooner or later you must pay for your sins.
(Those who have already paid may disregard this cookie).
Sorry.  I forget what I was going to say.
Sorry.  Nice try.
Stability itself is nothing else than a more sluggish motion.
Stamp out philately.
Standing on head makes smile of frown, but rest of face also upside down.
Stealing a rhinoceros should not be attempted lightly.
Stop me, before I kill again!
Support the Girl Scouts!
	(Today's Brownie is tomorrow's Cookie!)
Take it easy, we're in a hurry.
Take what you can use and let the rest go by.
		-- Ken Kesey
Tempt me with a spoon!
Thank you for observing all safety precautions.
That's odd.  That's very odd.  Wouldn't you say that's very odd?
That's what she said.
The adjective is the banana peel of the parts of speech.
		-- Clifton Fadiman
The beauty of a pun is in the "Oy!" of the beholder.
The best prophet of the future is the past.
The cart has no place where a fifth wheel could be used.
		-- Herbert von Fritzlar
The day advanced as if to light some work of mine; it was morning,
and lo! now it is evening, and nothing memorable is accomplished.
		-- H. D. Thoreau
The day after tomorrow is the third day of the rest of your life.
The difference between this place and yogurt is that yogurt has a live culture.
The eagle may soar, but the weasel never gets sucked into a jet engine.
The executioner is, I hear, very expert, and my neck is very slender.
		-- Anne Boleyn
The fact that it works is immaterial.
		-- L. Ogborn
... the flaw that makes perfection perfect.
The future isn't what it used to be.  (It never was.)
The future lies ahead.
The future not being born, my friend, we will abstain from baptizing it.
		-- George Meredith
The grass is always greener on the other side of your sunglasses.
The groundhog is like most other prophets; it delivers its message and then
disappears.
The hearing ear is always found close to the speaking tongue, a custom
whereof the memory of man runneth not howsomever to the contrary, nohow.
The important thing to remember about walking on eggs is not to hop.
	"The jig's up, Elman."
	"Which jig?"
		-- Jeff Elman
The Killer Ducks are coming!!!
The last person who said that (God rest his soul) lived to regret it.
The luck that is ordained for you will be coveted by others.
The Martian Canals were clearly the Martian's last ditch effort!
The mosquito exists to keep the mighty humble.
The most important things, each person must do for himself.
The one good thing about repeating your mistakes is that you know when to
cringe.
The past always looks better than it was.  It's only pleasant because
it isn't here.
		-- Finley Peter Dunne (Mr. Dooley)
The philosopher's treatment of a question is like the treatment of an illness.
		-- Wittgenstein.
The pollution's at that awkward stage.  Too thick to navigate and too
thin to cultivate.
		-- Doug Sneyd
The problem with any unwritten law is that you don't know where to go
to erase it.
		-- Glaser and Way
The reader this message encounters not failing to understand is cursed.
The rose of yore is but a name, mere names are left to us.
The sheep died in the wool.
The sheep that fly over your head are soon to land.
The shortest distance between any two puns is a straight line.
The sixth sheik's sixth sheep's sick.
	[so say said sentence sextuply...]
The sky is blue so we know where to stop mowing.
		-- Judge Harold T. Stone
The tree in which the sap is stagnant remains fruitless.
		-- Hosea Ballou
The whole earth is in jail and we're plotting this incredible jailbreak.
		-- Wavy Gravy
The whole world is a scab.  The point is to pick it constructively.
		-- Peter Beard
The world really isn't any worse.  It's just that the news coverage
is so much better.
The world wants to be deceived.
		-- Sebastian Brant
The worst part of valor is indiscretion.
Then, gently touching my face, she hesitated for a moment as her incredible
eyes poured forth into mine love, joy, pain, tragedy, acceptance, and peace.
"'Bye for now," she said warmly.
		-- Thea Alexander, "2150 A.D."
There are no rules for March.  March is spring, sort of, usually, March
means maybe, but don't bet on it.
There are three things I always forget.  Names, faces -- the third I
can't remember.
		-- Italo Svevo
There are two kinds of pedestrians... the quick and the dead.
		-- Lord Thomas Rober Dewar
There has been an alarming increase in the number of things you know
nothing about.
There is a natural hootchy-kootchy to a goldfish.
		-- Walt Disney
There is always someone worse off than yourself.
There is always something new out of Africa.
		-- Gaius Plinius Secundus
There is no such thing as a problem without a gift for you in its hands.
There is nothing new except what has been forgotten.
		-- Marie Antoinette
There seems no plan because it is all plan.
		-- C. S. Lewis
There's no real need to do housework -- after four years it doesn't get
any worse.
There's nothing very mysterious about you, except that
nobody really knows your origin, purpose, or destination.
They finally got King Midas, I hear.  Gild by association.
They just buzzed and buzzed...buzzed.
Think big.  Pollute the Mississippi.
Think honk if you're a telepath.
Think sideways!
		-- Ed De Bono
This is NOT a repeat.
This is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.  And now you know why.
This must be morning.  I never could get the hang of mornings.
This sentence contradicts itself -- no actually it doesn't.
		-- Douglas Hofstadter
This sentence does in fact not have the property it claims not to have.
This sentence no verb.
Three minutes' thought would suffice to find this out; but thought is
irksome and three minutes is a long time.
		-- A. E. Houseman
Three o'clock in the afternoon is always just a little too late or a little
too early for anything you want to do.
		-- Jean-Paul Sartre
Time is but the stream I go a-fishing in.
		-- Henry David Thoreau
Time will end all my troubles, but I don't always approve of Time's methods.
Tis man's perdition to be safe, when for the truth he ought to die.
To generalize is to be an idiot.
		-- William Blake
To love is good, love being difficult.
To see you is to sympathize.
"To vacillate or not to vacillate, that is the question ... or is it?"
Topologists are just plane folks.
	Pilots are just plane folks.
		Carpenters are just plane folks.
			Midwest farmers are just plain folks.
		Musicians are just playin' folks.
	Whodunit readers are just Spillane folks.
Some Londoners are just P. Lane folks.
Trouble always comes at the wrong time.
Trouble strikes in series of threes, but when working around the house the
next job after a series of three is not the fourth job -- it's the start of
a brand new series of three.
True to our past we work with an inherited, observed, and accepted vision of
personal futility, and of the beauty of the world.
		-- David Mamet
Two cars in every pot and a chicken in every garage.
Use a pun, go to jail.
Wait for that wisest of all counselors, Time.
		-- Pericles
Wanna buy a duck?
Wasting time is an important part of living.
We have ears, earther...FOUR OF THEM!
We have lingered long enough on the shores of the Cosmic Ocean.
		-- Carl Sagan
We must die because we have known them.
		-- Ptah-hotep, 2000 B.C.
We'll cross that bridge when we come back to it later.
Welcome to the Zoo!
Well thaaaaaaat's okay.
Well, the handwriting is on the floor.
		-- Joe E. Lewis
Well, we'll really have a party, but we've gotta post a guard outside.
		-- Eddie Cochran, "Come On Everybody"
What causes the mysterious death of everyone?
What color is a chameleon on a mirror?
	"What did you do when the ship sank?"
	"I grabbed a cake of soap and washed myself ashore."
What does "it" mean in the sentence "What time is it?"?
What excuses stand in your way?  How can you eliminate them?
		-- Roger von Oech
What happens when you cut back the jungle?  It recedes.
What is the sound of one hand clapping?
What soon grows old?  Gratitude.
		-- Aristotle
	"What time is it?"
	"I don't know, it keeps changing."
What we cannot speak about we must pass over in silence.
		-- Wittgenstein
What will you do if all your problems aren't solved by the time you die?
What you want, what you're hanging around in the world waiting for, is for
something to occur to you.
		-- Robert Frost

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to AST's.]
What!?  Me worry?
		-- Alfred E. Newman
What's all this brouhaha?
What's so funny?
"What's the use of a good quotation if you can't change it?"
		-- The Doctor
Whatever became of eternal truth?
When a camel flies, no one laughs if it doesn't get very far!
When a cow laughs, does milk come out of its nose?
When a fly lands on the ceiling, does it do a half roll or a half loop?
When does later become never?
When eating an elephant take one bite at a time.
		-- Gen. C. Abrams
When pleasure remains, does it remain a pleasure?
When the English language gets in my way, I walk over it.
		-- Billy Sunday
When things go well, expect something to explode, erode, collapse or
just disappear.
When you dial a wrong number you never get a busy signal.
When you're down and out, lift up your voice and shout, "I'M DOWN AND OUT"!
When you're ready to give up the struggle, who can you surrender to?
When your memory goes, forget it!
Where am I?  Who am I?  Am I?  I
Where will it all end?  Probably somewhere near where it all began.
Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
		-- Wittgenstein
Which is worse: ignorance or apathy?  Who knows?  Who cares?
Whip it, whip it good!
Who are you?
Who dat who say "who dat" when I say "who dat"?
		-- Hattie McDaniel
Who messed with my anti-paranoia shot?
Who will take care of the world after you're gone?
Why are you so hard to ignore?
Why do seagulls live near the sea?  'Cause if they lived near the bay,
they'd be called baygulls.
Why does a ship carry cargo and a truck carry shipments?
Why is it called a funny bone when it hurts so much?
Why is it taking so long for her to bring out all the good in you?
Why isn't there a special name for the tops of your feet?
		-- Lily Tomlin
Why not go out on a limb?  Isn't that where the fruit is?
Why would anyone want to be called "Later"?
Without adventure, civilization is in full decay.
		-- Alfred North Whitehead
Would that my hand were as swift as my tongue.
		-- Alfieri
Would you care to drift aimlessly in my direction?
Would you care to view the ruins of my good intentions?
WRONG!
You auto buy now.
You can cage a swallow, can't you,
	but you can't swallow a cage, can you?
Girl, bathing on Bikini, eyeing boy,
	finds boy eyeing bikini on bathing girl.
A man, a plan, a canal -- Panama!
		-- The Palindromist
You can get there from here, but why on earth would you want to?
	"You've got to think about tomorrow!"
	"TOMORROW!  I haven't even prepared for *_________yesterday* yet!"
Zeus gave Leda the bird.
Well, I think we should get some bricks and some bats, and show him
the *true* meaning of Christmas!'
		-- Bernice, "Designing Women", 12/2/91.
I used to have nightmares that the Grinch's dog would kidnap me and make me
dress up in a halter-top and hot pants and listen to Burl Ives records.
		-- Robin, "Anything But Love", 12/18/91.
[ ] Safeguard this message - it is an important historical document.
[ ] Delete after reading -- Subversive Literature.
[ ] Ignore and go back to what you were doing.
Crito, I owe a cock to Asclepius; will you remember to pay the debt?
		-- Socrates' last words
I am tired of fighting...The old men are all dead...The little children
are freezing to death. My people, some of them, have run away to the
hills and have no blankets, no food. No one knows where they are...Hear
me, my Chiefs!! I am tired: my heart is sick and sad. From where the sun
now stands, I will fight no more.              Chief Joseph, (Nez Perce)
[I]f you're trying to choose between two theories and one gives you an
excuse for being lazy, the other one is probably right."
		-- Paul Graham, "What You'll Wish You'd Known"
Whether your covers star a male or a female, I read your magazine for the
articles
		-- Leo Costales, in "Outside July 2005"
  A little pain never hurt anyone.
  "A unified, neutral Germany? Given that nation's heritage, such a
  phrase may prove to be the oxymoron of the decade." -Kevin M.
  Matarese, Fulda, West Germany; as seen in "Letters", Time
  magazine, p. 5, March 5, 1990.
  A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's written on. Include
  me out. -Samuel Goldwyn
  Christ was born in 4 B.C.
  Cum tacent, clamant. When they are silent, they shout. -Cicero
  Gentlemen, I want you to know that I am not always right, but I am
  never wrong. -Samuel Goldwyn
  Goes (Went) over like a lead balloon.
  Honk if you are against noise pollution!
  I'll give you a definite maybe. -Samuel Goldwyn
  I'm not going to say, "I told you so."
  I am a deeply superficial person. -Andy Warhol
  I'm proud of my humility.
  I can resist everything except temptation. -Oscar Wilde
  If Roosevelt were alive, he'd turn over in his grave. -Samuel
  Goldwyn
  If I could drop dead right now, I'd be the happiest man alive!
		-- Samuel Goldwyn
  If you fall and break your legs, don't come running to me. -Samuel
  Goldwyn
  I never put on a pair of shoes until I've worn them five years.
		-- Samuel Goldwyn
  It isn't an optical illusion. It just looks like one.
  It's more than magnificent-it's mediocre. -Samuel Goldwyn
  May I ask a question?
  No one goes to that restaurant anymore-it's always too crowded.
  (attributed to Yogi Berra)
  Our comedies are not to be laughed at. -Samuel Goldwyn
  Parting is such sweet sorrow. -William Shakespeare
  Procrastination means never having to say you're sorry.
  "Professional certification for car people may sound like an
  oxymoron." -The Wall Street Journal, page B1, Tuesday, July 17,
  1990.
  Referring to a book: I read part of it all the way through.
		-- Samuel Goldwyn
  Smoking is the leading cause of statistics.
  Some bachelors want a meaningful overnight relationship.
  Talking about a piece of movie dialogue: Let's have some new
  cliches. -Samuel Goldwyn
  The scene is dull. Tell him to put more life into his dying.
		-- Samuel Goldwyn
  Thank God I'm an atheist.
  This report is filled with omissions.
  We are not anticipating any emergencies.
  We're overpaying him, but he's worth it. -Samuel Goldwyn
  His honour rooted in dishonour stood,
  And faith unfaithful kept him falsely true.
		-- Alfred Lord Tennyson
  The good oxymoron, to define it by a self-illustration, must be a
  planned inadvertency. -Wilson Follett
  An Irishman is never at peace except when he's fighting.
  I marvel at the strength of human weakness.
  Always be sincere, even when you don't mean it. -Irene Peter
  Live within your income, even if you have to borrow to do so.
		-- Josh Billings
  Of course I can keep secrets. It's the people I tell them to that
  can't keep them. -Anthony Haden-Guest
  The best cure for insomnia is to get a lot of sleep. -W. C. Fields
  I distinctly remember forgetting that. -Clara Barton
  We must believe in free will. We have no choice. -Isaac B. Singer
  I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
  Monotheism is a gift from the gods.
  After they got rid of capital punishment, they had to hang twice
  as many people as before.
  I never liked you, and I always will. -Samuel Goldwyn
  Why don't you pair `em up in threes? -Yogi Berra
  Our similarities are different. -Dale Berra, son of Yogi
  After Donald Trump's stretch limousine was stolen and found
  undamaged a few blocks away; he said, "Nothing was stolen. I had
  an honest thief."-International Herald Tribune, page 3, March 2,
  1992
  Some bird populations soaring down
	-Headline of an article in
	 Science News, page 126, February 20, 1993.
  Most bacteria have the decency to be microscopic. Epulopiscium
  fishelsoni is not among them. The newly identified one-celled
  macro-microorganism is a full .5 mm long, large enough to be seen
  with the naked eye. Described in the current Nature, "It is a
  million times as massive as a typical bacterium."-Time, page 25,
  March 29, 1993
  "Triumph without Victory, The Unreported History of the Persian
  Gulf War", -Headline published in the U.S. News & World Report,
  1992.
  An empty cab drove up and Sarah Bernhardt got out. -Arthur Baer,
  American comic and columnist
  She used to diet on any kind of food she could lay her hands on.
		-- Arthur Baer, American comic and columnist
  The first condition of immortality is death. -Stanislaw Lec
  As famous as the unknown soldier.
  I must follow the people. Am I not their leader? -Benjamin Disraeli
  Hegel was right when he said that we learn from history that man
  can never learn anything from history. -George Bernard Shaw
  William Safire's rules for writing as seen in the New York Times

     Do not put statements in the negative form.
     And don't start sentences with a conjunction.
     If you reread your work, you will find on rereading that a great
     deal of repetition can be avoided by rereading and editing.
     Never use a long word when a diminutive one will do.
     Unqualified superlatives are the worst of all.
     If any word is improper at the end of a sentence, a linking verb is.
     Avoid trendy locutions that sound flaky.
     Never, ever use repetitive redundancies.
     Also, avoid awkward or affected alliteration.
     Last, but not least, avoid cliche's like the plague.
  Everyone writes on the walls except me. -Said to be graffiti seen in Pompeii
  I tripped over a hole that was sticking up out of the ground.
  I don't think anyone should write their autobiography until after
  they're dead. -Samuel Goldwyn
  This page intentionally left blank.
  Evil isn't all bad.
  I disagree with unanimity.
  "It's a step forward although there was no progress."
  President Hosni Murbarak of Egypt attempting to put the best face
  on a disappointing summit meeting between President Clinton and
  the Syrian dictator Hafez Assad.
  "I always avoid prophesying beforehand because it is much better
  to prophesy after the event has already taken place. " - Winston
  Churchill
 All truths are true to an extend, including this one.  -XA
 Assume a virtue, if you have it not.  -William Shakespeare
 All generalisations are dangerous, including this one.
A "practical joker" deserves applause for his wit according to its quality.
Bastinado is about right.  For exceptional wit one might grant keelhauling.
But staking him out on an anthill should be reserved for the very wittiest.
		-- Lazarus Long
A 'full' life in my experience is usually full only of other people's demands.
A bore is a man who talks so much about himself that you can't talk about
yourself.
A bore is someone who persists in holding his own views after we have
enlightened him with ours.
A city is a large community where people are lonesome together
		-- Herbert Prochnow
A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil.
		-- Victor Hugo
A cynic is a person searching for an honest man, with a stolen lantern.
		-- Edgar A. Shoaff
A fair exterior is a silent recommendation.
		-- Publilius Syrus
A friend is a present you give yourself.
		-- Robert Louis Stevenson
A gossip is one who talks to you about others, a bore is one who talks to
you about himself; and a brilliant conversationalist is one who talks to
you about yourself.
		-- Lisa Kirk
A green hunting cap squeezed the top of the fleshy balloon of a head.  The
green earflaps, full of large ears and uncut hair and the fine bristles that
grew in the ears themselvse, stuck out on either side like turn signals
indicating two directions at once.  Full, pursed lips protruded beneath the
bushy black moustache and, at their corners, sank into little folds filled
with disapproval and potato chip crumbs.  In the shadow under the green visor
of the cap Ignatius J. Reilly's supercilious blue and yellow eyes looked down
upon the other people waiting under the clock at the D. H. Holmes department
store, studying the crowd of people for signs of bad taste in dress.  Several
of the outfits, Ignatius noticed, were new enough and expensive enough to be
properly considered offenses against taste and decency.  Possession of
anything new or expensive only reflected a person's lack of theology and
geometry; it could even cast doubts upon one's soul.
		-- John Kennedy Toole, "Confederacy of Dunces"
A healthy male adult bore consumes each year one and a half times his own
weight in other people's patience.
		-- John Updike
A man is crawling through the Sahara desert when he is approached by another
man riding on a camel.  When the rider gets close enough, the crawling man
whispers through his sun-parched lips, "Water... please... can you give...
water..."
	"I'm sorry," replies the man on the camel, "I don't have any water
with me.  But I'd be delighted to sell you a necktie."
	"Tie?" whispers the man.  "I need *water*."
	"They're only four dollars apiece."
	"I need *water*."
	"Okay, okay, say two for seven dollars."
	"Please!  I need *water*!", says the man.
	"I don't have any water, all I have are ties," replies the salesman,
and he heads off into the distance.
	The man, losing track of time, crawls for what seems like days.
Finally, nearly dead, sun-blind and with his skin peeling and blistering, he
sees a restaurant in the distance.  Summoning the last of his strength he
staggers up to the door and confronts the head waiter.
	"Water... can I get... water," the dying man manages to stammer.
	"I'm sorry, sir, ties required."
A man of genius makes no mistakes.
His errors are volitional and are the portals of discovery.
		-- James Joyce, "Ulysses"
	A man pleaded innocent of any wrong doing when caught by the police
during a raid at the home of a mobster, excusing himself by claiming that he
was making a bolt for the door.
A man who keeps stealing mopeds is an obvious cycle-path.
A man who turns green has eschewed protein.
A man with 3 wings and a dictionary is cousin to the turkey.
A man would still do something out of sheer perversity - he would create
destruction and chaos - just to gain his point... and if all this could in
turn be analyzed and prevented by predicting that it would occur, then man
would deliberately go mad to prove his point.
		-- Feodor Dostoevsky, "Notes From the Underground"
A narcissist is someone better looking than you are.
		-- Gore Vidal
A paranoid is a man who knows a little of what's going on.
		-- William S. Burroughs
A pat on the back is only a few centimeters from a kick in the pants.
	"A penny for your thoughts?"
	"A dollar for your death."
		-- The Odd Couple
A person forgives only when they are in the wrong.
A person is just about as big as the things that make them angry.
A person who has nothing looks at all there is and wants something.
A person who has something looks at all there is and wants all the rest.
A pessimist is a man who has been compelled to live with an optimist.
		-- Elbert Hubbard
A pretty foot is one of the greatest gifts of nature... please send me your
last pair of shoes, already worn out in dancing... so I can have something
of yours to press against my heart.
		-- Goethe
A prig is a fellow who is always making you a present of his opinions.
		-- George Eliot
A private sin is not so prejudicial in the world as a public indecency.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes
A real friend isn't someone you use once and then throw away.
A real friend is someone you can use over and over again.
A real person has two reasons for doing anything ... a good reason and
the real reason.
A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single
man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral.
		-- Antoine de Saint-Exupery
A sadist is a masochist who follows the Golden Rule.
A sense of humor keen enough to show a man his own absurdities will keep
him from the commission of all sins, or nearly all, save those that are
worth committing.
		-- Samuel Butler
	"...A strange enigma is man!"
	"Someone calls him a soul concealed in an animal," I suggested.
	"Winwood Reade is good upon the subject," said Holmes.  "He remarked
that, while the individual man is an insoluble puzzle, in the aggregate he
becomes a mathematical certainty.  You can, for example, never foretell what
any one man will do, but you can say with precision what an average number
will be up to.  Individuals vary, but percentages remain constant.  So says
the statistician."
		-- Sherlock Holmes, "The Sign of Four"
A total abstainer is one who abstains from everything but abstention,
and especially from inactivity in the affairs of others.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
A truly great man will neither trample on a worm nor sneak to an emperor.
		-- B. Franklin
A well adjusted person is one who makes the same mistake twice without
getting nervous.
A well-known friend is a treasure.
	A young honeymoon couple were touring southern Florida and happened
to stop at one of the rattlesnake farms along the road.  After seeing the
sights, they engaged in small talk with the man that handled the snakes.
"Gosh!" exclaimed the new bride.  "You certainly have a dangerous job.
Don't you ever get bitten by the snakes?"
	"Yes, upon rare occasions," answered the handler.
	"Well," she continued, "just what do you do when you're bitten by
a snake?"
	"I always carry a razor-sharp knife in my pocket, and as soon as I
am bitten, I make deep criss-cross marks across the fang entry and then
suck the poison from the wound."
	"What, uh... what would happen if you were to accidentally *sit* on
a rattler?" persisted the woman.
	"Ma'am," answered the snake handler, "that will be the day I learn
who my real friends are."
Accept people for what they are -- completely unacceptable.
According to the obituary notices, a mean and unimportant person never dies.
Adam was but human--this explains it all.  He did not want the apple for the
apple's sake, he wanted it only because it was forbidden.  The mistake was in
not forbidding the serpent; then he would have eaten the serpent.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Advice is a dangerous gift; be cautious about giving and receiving it.
Advice to young men: Be ascetic, and if you can't be ascetic,
then at least be aseptic.
After all, it is only the mediocre who are always at their best.
		-- Jean Giraudoux
After all, what is your hosts' purpose in having a party?  Surely not for
you to enjoy yourself; if that were their sole purpose, they'd have simply
sent champagne and women over to your place by taxi.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke
After living in New York, you trust nobody, but you believe everything.
Just in case.
	After Snow White used a couple rolls of film taking pictures of the
seven dwarfs, she mailed the roll to be developed.  Later she was heard to
sing, "Some day my prints will come."
Against stupidity the very gods Themselves contend in vain.
		-- Friedrich von Schiller, "The Maid of Orleans", III, 6
Ah say, son, you're about as sharp as a bowlin' ball.
Ah, sweet Springtime, when a young man lightly turns his fancy over!
Al didn't smile for forty years.  You've got to admire a man like that.
		-- from "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman"
Albert Camus wrote that the only serious question is whether to kill yourself
or not.  Tom Robbins wrote that the only serious question is whether time has
a beginning and an end.  Camus clearly got up on the wrong side of bed, and
Robbins must have forgotten to set the alarm.
		-- Tom Robbins
All God's children are not beautiful.  Most of God's children are, in fact,
barely presentable.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Metropolitan Life"
All his life he has looked away... to the horizon, to the sky,
to the future.  Never his mind on where he was, on what he was doing.
		-- Yoda
All I ask of life is a constant and exaggerated sense of my own importance.
All I want is a warm bed and a kind word and unlimited power.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant
All I've got left on the list of desirable vocations is heiress to the
throne of any country in Western Europe and Laurie Anderson.  "Be
practical", was the choral reply from the dinner table.  Well, Laurie
Anderson is already Laurie Anderson, but I read an article in Harpers
that said there were eleven countries, in the world this is I think,
that have queens as sovereign rulers.  That's probably my best shot.
All men have the right to wait in line.
All men profess honesty as long as they can.  To believe all men honest
would be folly.  To believe none so is something worse.
		-- John Quincy Adams
All most people want is a little more than they'll ever get.
All my friends and I are crazy.  That's the only thing that keeps us sane.
"All my life I wanted to be someone; I guess I should have been more specific."
		-- Jane Wagner
All of the animals except man know that the principal business of life is
to enjoy it.
All possibility of understanding is rooted in the ability to say no.
		-- Susan Sontag
All progress is based upon a universal innate desire of every organism
to live beyond its income.
		-- Samuel Butler, "Notebooks"
All the world's a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed.
		-- Sean O'Casey
All we know is the phenomenon: we spend our time sending messages to each
other, talking and trying to listen at the same time, exchanging information.
This seems to be our most urgent biological function; it is what we do with
our lives."
		-- Lewis Thomas, "The Lives of a Cell"
Always borrow money from a pessimist; he doesn't expect to be paid back.
Always remember that you are unique.  Just like everyone else.
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy.
		-- Charlie McCarthy
America's best buy for a quarter is a telephone call to the right person.
An effective way to deal with predators is to taste terrible.
An elderly couple were flying to their Caribbean hideaway on a chartered plane
when a terrible storm forced them to land on an uninhabited island.  When
several days passed without rescue, the couple and their pilot sank into a
despondent silence. Finally, the woman asked her husband if he had made his
usual pledge to the United Way Campaign.
	"We're running out of food and water and you ask *that*?" her husband
barked.  "If you really need to know, I not only pledged a half million but
I've already paid them half of it."
	"You owe the U.W.C. a *quarter million*?" the woman exclaimed
euphorically.  "Don't worry, Harry, they'll find us!  They'll find us!"
An evil mind is a great comfort.
An excellence-oriented '80s male does not wear a regular watch.  He wears
a Rolex watch, because it weighs nearly six pounds and is advertised
only in excellence-oriented publications such as Fortune and Rich
Protestant Golfer Magazine.  The advertisements are written in
incomplete sentences, which is how advertising copywriters denote excellence:

"The Rolex Hyperion.  An elegant new standard in quality excellence and
discriminating handcraftsmanship.  For the individual who is truly able
to discriminate with regard to excellent quality standards of crafting
things by hand.  Fabricated of 100 percent 24-karat gold.  No watch parts
or anything.  Just a great big chunk on your wrist.  Truly a timeless
statement.  For the individual who is very secure.  Who doesn't need to
be reminded all the time that he is very successful. Much more successful
than the people who laughed at him in high school.  Because of his acne.
People who are probably nowhere near as successful as he is now.  Maybe
he'll go to his 20th reunion, and they'll see his Rolex Hyperion.
Hahahahahahahahaha."
		-- Dave Barry, "In Search of Excellence"
An expert is a person who avoids the small errors as he sweeps on to the
grand fallacy.
		-- Benjamin Stolberg
An expert is one who knows more and more about less and less until he knows
absolutely everything about nothing.
An idealist is one who helps the other fellow to make a profit.
		-- Henry Ford
An infallible method of conciliating a tiger is to allow oneself to be
devoured.
		-- Konrad Adenauer
An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself.
		-- Albert Camus
An optimist is a guy that has never had much experience.
		-- Don Marquis
And I suppose the little things are harder to get used to than the big
ones.  The big ones you get used to, you make up your mind to them.  The
little things come along unexpectedly, when you aren't thinking about
them, aren't braced against them.
		-- Marion Zimmer Bradley, "The Forbidden Tower"
And I will do all these good works, and I will do them for free!
My only reward will be a tombstone that says "Here lies Gomez Addams --
he was good for nothing."
		-- Jack Sharkey, The Addams Family
And on the eighth day, we bulldozed it.
And the crowd was stilled.  One elderly man, wondering at the sudden silence,
turned to the Child and asked him to repeat what he had said.  Wide-eyed,
the Child raised his voice and said once again, "Why, the Emperor has no
clothes!  He is naked!"
		-- "The Emperor's New Clothes"
"And, you know, I mustn't preach to you, but surely it wouldn't be right for
you to take away people's pleasure of studying your attire, by just going
and making yourself like everybody else.  You feel that, don't you?"  said
he, earnestly.
		-- William Morris, "Notes from Nowhere"
Anger is momentary madness.
		-- Horace
Anger kills as surely as the other vices.
Animals can be driven crazy by putting too many in too small a pen.
Homo sapiens is the only animal that voluntarily does this to himself.
		-- Lazarus Long
Any clod can have the facts, but having opinions is an art.
		-- Charles McCabe
Any coward can sit in his home and criticize a pilot for flying into a
mountain in a fog.  But I would rather, by far, die on a mountainside
than in bed.  What kind of man would live where there is no daring?
And is life so dear that we should blame men for dying in adventure?
Is there a better way to die?
		-- Charles Lindbergh
Any fool can tell the truth, but it requires a man of sense to know
how to lie well.
		-- Samuel Butler
Any man can work when every stroke of his hand brings down the fruit
rattling from the tree to the ground; but to labor in season and out of
season, under every discouragement, by the power of truth -- that
requires a heroism which is transcendent.
		-- Henry Ward Beecher
Any man who hates dogs and babies can't be all bad.
		-- Leo Rosten, on W. C. Fields
Anybody can win, unless there happens to be a second entry.
Anybody who doesn't cut his speed at the sight of a police car is
probably parked.
Anybody with money to burn will easily find someone to tend the fire.
Anyone can become angry -- that is easy; but to be angry with the right
person, to the right degree, at the right time, for the right purpose
and in the right way -- that is not easy.
		-- Aristotle
"Anyone can say 'no'. It is the first word a child learns and often the
first word he speaks. It is a cheap word because it requires no
explanation, and many men and women have acquired a reputation for
intelligence who know only this word and have used it in place of
thought on every occasion."
		-- Chuck Jones (Warner Bros. animation director.)
Anyone stupid enough to be caught by the police is probably guilty.
Apathy Club meeting this Friday.  If you want to come, you're not invited.
"Apathy is not the problem, it's the solution"
Appearances often are deceiving.
		-- Aesop
Are your glasses mended with a strip of masking tape right over your nose?
Do you put pennies in the slots in your penny loafers?
Does your bow-tie flash "hey you kid" in red neon at parties?
Do you think pizza before noon is unhealthy?
Do you use the "greasy kid's stuff" to stick down your cowlick?
Do you wear a "nerd-pack" in your shirt pocket to keep the dozen
	or so pencils from marking the cloth?
Do you think Mary Jane is somebody's name?
Is illegal fishing something only a daring criminal would do?
Is Batman your hero?  Superman?  Green Lantern?  The Shadow?
Do you think girls who kiss on the first date are loose?

	Rate yourself on the nerd-o-matic scale. (1 point for each YES answer)
0-2  -- You are really hip, a real cool cat, a hoopy frood.
3-5  -- There is hope for you yet.
6-7  -- Uh-oh, trouble in River City.
8-10 -- Your immortal soul is in peril.
11+  -- Does suicide seem attractive?
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough, they're yours.
		-- Messiah's Handbook : Reminders for the Advanced Soul
Arguments are extremely vulgar, for everyone in good society holds exactly
the same opinion.
		-- Oscar Wilde
"Arguments with furniture are rarely productive."
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"
As crazy as hauling timber into the woods.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
As many of you know, I am taking a class here at UNC on Personality.
One of the tests to determine personality in our book was so incredibly
useful and interesting, I just had to share it.

Answer each of the following items "true" or "false"

 1. I salivate at the sight of mittens.
 2. If I go into the street, I'm apt to be bitten by a horse.
 3. Some people never look at me.
 4. Spinach makes me feel alone.
 5. My sex life is A-okay.
 6. When I look down from a high spot, I want to spit.
 7. I like to kill mosquitoes.
 8. Cousins are not to be trusted.
 9. It makes me embarrassed to fall down.
10. I get nauseous from too much roller skating.
11. I think most people would cry to gain a point.
12. I cannot read or write.
13. I am bored by thoughts of death.
14. I become homicidal when people try to reason with me.
15. I would enjoy the work of a chicken flicker.
16. I am never startled by a fish.
17. My mother's uncle was a good man.
18. I don't like it when somebody is rotten.
19. People who break the law are wise guys.
20. I have never gone to pieces over the weekend.
As many of you know, I am taking a class here at UNC on Personality.
One of the tests to determine personality in our book was so incredibly
useful and interesting, I just had to share it.

Answer each of the following items "true" or "false"

 1. I think beavers work too hard.
 2. I use shoe polish to excess.
 3. God is love.
 4. I like mannish children.
 5. I have always been diturbed by the sight of Lincoln's ears.
 6. I always let people get ahead of me at swimming pools.
 7. Most of the time I go to sleep without saying goodbye.
 8. I am not afraid of picking up door knobs.
 9. I believe I smell as good as most people.
10. Frantic screams make me nervous.
11. It's hard for me to say the right thing when I find myself in a room
    full of mice.
12. I would never tell my nickname in a crisis.
13. A wide necktie is a sign of disease.
14. As a child I was deprived of licorice.
15. I would never shake hands with a gardener.
16. My eyes are always cold.
17. Cousins are not to be trusted.
18. When I look down from a high spot, I want to spit.
19. I am never startled by a fish.
20. I have never gone to pieces over the weekend.
As you grow older, you will still do foolish things, but you will do them
with much more enthusiasm.
		-- The Cowboy
Ask not what's inside your head, but what your head's inside of.
		-- J. J. Gibson
Ask yourself whether you are happy and you cease to be so.
		-- John Stuart Mill
Associate with well-mannered persons and your manners will improve.  Run
with decent folk and your own decent instincts will be strengthened.  Keep
the company of bums and you will become a bum.  Hang around with rich people
and you will end by picking up the check and dying broke.
		-- Stanley Walker
At no time is freedom of speech more precious than when a man hits his
thumb with a hammer.
		-- Marshall Lumsden
Back when I was a boy, it was 40 miles to everywhere, uphill both ways
and it was always snowing.
Bacon's not the only thing that's cured by hanging from a string.
Bad men live that they may eat and drink, whereas good men eat and drink
that they may live.
		-- Socrates
Be braver -- you can't cross a chasm in two small jumps.
Be careful how you get yourself involved with persons or situations that
can't bear inspection.
Be careful what you set your heart on -- for it will surely be yours.
		-- James Baldwin, "Nobody Knows My Name"
Be incomprehensible.  If they can't understand, they can't disagree.
Be independent.  Insult a rich relative today.
Be nice to people on the way up, because you'll meet them on your way down.
		-- Wilson Mizner
Be not anxious about what you have, but about what you are.
		-- Pope St. Gregory I
Be open to other people -- they may enrich your dream.
Be self-reliant and your success is assured.
Be valiant, but not too venturous.
Let thy attire be comely, but not costly.
		-- John Lyly
Beauty may be skin deep, but ugly goes clear to the bone.
		-- Redd Foxx
Before borrowing money from a friend, decide which you need more.
		-- Addison H. Hallock
Before destruction a man's heart is haughty, but humility goes before honour.
		-- Proverbs 18:12
Being popular is important.  Otherwise people might not like you.
Being ugly isn't illegal.  Yet.
Better by far you should forget and smile than that you should remember
and be sad.
		-- Christina Rossetti
Beware of self-styled experts: an ex is a has-been, and a spurt is a
drip under pressure.
Beware of the man who knows the answer before he understands the question.
"Beware of the man who works hard to learn something, learns it, and
finds himself no wiser than before," Bokonon tells us.  "He is full of
murderous resentment of people who are ignorant without having come by
their ignorance the hard way."
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, "Cat's Cradle"
BEWARE!  People acting under the influence of human nature.
Birds are entangled by their feet and men by their tongues.
Birthdays are like busses, never the number you want.
Blessed are the forgetful:  for they get the better even of their blunders.
		-- Nietzsche
Blessed are they that have nothing to say, and who cannot be persuaded
to say it.
		-- James Russell Lowell
Blessed is he who expects no gratitude, for he shall not be disappointed.
		-- W. C. Bennett
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
		-- Alexander Pope
Blessed is he who has reached the point of no return and knows it,
for he shall enjoy living.
		-- W. C. Bennett
Blessed is the man who, having nothing to say, abstains from giving
wordy evidence of the fact.
		-- George Eliot
Bounders get bound when they are caught bounding.
		-- Ralph Lewin
Brisk talkers are usually slow thinkers.  There is, indeed, no wild beast
more to be dreaded than a communicative man having nothing to communicate.
If you are civil to the voluble, they will abuse your patience; if
brusque, your character.
		-- Jonathan Swift
Buck-passing usually turns out to be a boomerang.
But I find the old notions somehow appealing.  Not that I want to go back
to them -- it is outrageous to have some outer authority tell you what is
proper use and abuse of your own faculties, and it is ludicrous to hold
reason higher than body or feeling.  Still there is something true and
profoundly sane about the belief that acts like murder or theft or
assault violate the doer as well as the done to.  We might even, if we
thought this way, have less crime.  The popular view of crime, as far as
I can deduce it from the movies and television, is that it is a breaking
of a rule by someone who thinks they can get away with that; implicitly,
everyone would like to break the rule, but not everyone is arrogant
enough to imagine they can get away with it.  It therefore becomes very
important for the rule upholders to bring such arrogance down.
		-- Marilyn French, "The Woman's Room"
But Officer, I stopped for the last one, and it was green!
"But officer, I was only trying to gain enough speed so I could coast
to the nearest gas station."
But since I knew now that I could hope for nothing of greater value than
frivolous pleasures, what point was there in denying myself of them?
		-- M. Proust
By doing just a little every day, you can gradually let the task
completely overwhelm you.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
By nature, men are nearly alike; by practice, they get to be wide apart.
		-- Confucius
Calling you stupid is an insult to stupid people!
		-- Wanda, "A Fish Called Wanda"
Can you buy friendship?  You not only can, you must.  It's the
only way to obtain friends.  Everything worthwhile has a price.
		-- Robert J. Ringer
Certainly there are things in life that money can't buy,
But it's very funny -- did you ever try buying them without money?
		-- Ogden Nash
Character is what you are in the dark!
		-- Lord John Whorfin
Charlie Brown:	Why was I put on this earth?
Linus:		To make others happy.
Charlie Brown:	Why were others put on this earth?
Charm is a way of getting the answer "Yes" -- without having asked any
clear question.
Class, that's the only thing that counts in life.  Class.
Without class and style, a man's a bum; he might as well be dead.
		-- "Bugsy" Siegel
Class: when they're running you out of town, to look like you're
leading the parade.
		-- Bill Battie
Clones are people two.
Cloning is the sincerest form of flattery.
Coming together is a beginning;
	keeping together is progress;
		working together is success.
Common sense and a sense of humor are the same thing, moving at
different speeds.  A sense of humor is just common sense, dancing.
		-- Clive James
Common sense is instinct, and enough of it is genius.
		-- Josh Billings
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
		-- Albert Einstein
Common sense is the most evenly distributed quantity in the world.
Everyone thinks he has enough.
		-- Descartes, 1637
Conceit causes more conversation than wit.
		-- LaRochefoucauld
Confess your sins to the Lord and you will be forgiven;
confess them to man and you will be laughed at.
		-- Josh Billings
Confession is good for the soul only in the sense that a tweed coat is
good for dandruff.
		-- Peter de Vries
Confession is good for the soul, but bad for the career.
Confessions may be good for the soul, but they are bad for the reputation.
		-- Lord Thomas Dewar
Confidence is simply that quiet, assured feeling you have before you
fall flat on your face.
		-- Dr. L. Binder
Confidence is the feeling you have before you understand the situation.
Conformity is the refuge of the unimaginative.
Conscience is a mother-in-law whose visit never ends.
		-- H. L. Mencken
Conscience is the inner voice that warns us somebody may be looking.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "A Mencken Chrestomathy"
Conscience is what hurts when everything else feels so good.
Conscious is when you are aware of something and conscience is when you
wish you weren't.
Convention is the ruler of all.
		-- Pindar
Conversation enriches the understanding, but solitude is the school of genius.
Cops never say good-bye. They're always hoping to see you again in the line-up.
		-- Raymond Chandler
Correction does much, but encouragement does more.
		-- Goethe
Courage is fear that has said its prayers.
Courage is grace under pressure.
Creativity in living is not without its attendant difficulties, for
peculiarity breeds contempt. And the unfortunate thing about being
ahead of your time when people finally realize you were right, they'll
say it was obvious all along.
		-- Alan Ashley-Pitt
Creativity is no substitute for knowing what you are doing.
Creativity is not always bred in an environment of tranquility;
sometimes you have to squeeze a little to get the paste out of the tube.
Criticism comes easier than craftsmanship.
		-- Zeuxis
Dare to be naive.
		-- R. Buckminster Fuller
Dave Mack:	"Your stupidity, Allen, is simply not up to par."
Allen Gwinn:	"Yours is."
Dear Lord: Please make my words sweet and tender, for tomorrow I may
have to eat them.
Death rays don't kill people, people kill people!!
Defeat is worse than death because you have to live with defeat.
		-- Bill Musselman
Delay is preferable to error.
		-- Thomas Jefferson
Did you know that clones never use mirrors?
Dishonor will not trouble me, once I am dead.
		-- Euripides
Distance doesn't make you any smaller, but it does make you part of a
larger picture.
Do clones have navels?
Do more than anyone expects, and pretty soon everyone will expect more.
Do not do unto others as you would they should do unto you.  Their tastes
may not be the same.
		-- George Bernard Shaw
Do not think by infection, catching an opinion like a cold.
Do not try to solve all life's problems at once -- learn to dread each
day as it comes.
		-- Donald Kaul
Do you know, I think that Dr. Swift was silly to laugh about Laputa.  I
believe it is a mistake to make a mock of people, just because they think.
There are ninety thousand people in this world who do not think, for every
one who does, and these people hate the thinkers like poison.  Even if some
thinkers are fanciful, it is wrong to make fun of them for it.  Better to
think about cucumbers even, than not to think at all.
		-- T. H. White
Do you mean that you not only want a wrong answer, but a certain wrong answer?
		-- Tobaben
Do you realize how many holes there could be if people would just take
the time to take the dirt out of them?
Don't be overly suspicious where it's not warranted.
Don't believe everything you hear or anything you say.
Don't change the reason, just change the excuses!
		-- Joe Cointment
Don't confuse things that need action with those that take care of themselves.
Don't despise your poor relations, they may become suddenly rich one day.
		-- Josh Billings
Don't ever slam a door; you might want to go back.
Don't expect people to keep in step--it's hard enough just staying in line.
Don't hit a man when he's down -- kick him; it's easier.
Don't interfere with the stranger's style.
Don't put too fine a point to your wit for fear it should get blunted.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes
Don't remember what you can infer.
		-- Harry Tennant
Don't say "yes" until I finish talking.
		-- Darryl F. Zanuck
Don't shoot until you're sure you both aren't on the same side.
Don't shout for help at night.  You might wake your neighbors.
		-- Stanislaw Jerzy Lec, "Unkempt Thoughts"
Don't tell me that worry doesn't do any good.  I know better.  The things
I worry about don't happen.
		-- Watchman Examiner
Don't tell me what you dreamed last night for I've been reading Freud.
Don't try to have the last word -- you might get it.
		-- Lazarus Long
Don't try to outweird me, three-eyes.  I get stranger things than you free
with my breakfast cereal.
		-- Zaphod Beeblebrox
Don't worry about avoiding temptation -- as you grow older, it starts
avoiding you.
		-- The Old Farmer's Almanac
Don't worry about people stealing your ideas.  If your ideas are any good,
you'll have to ram them down people's throats.
		-- Howard Aiken
Don't worry over what other people are thinking about you.  They're too
busy worrying over what you are thinking about them.
Don't you wish that all the people who sincerely want to help you
could agree with each other?
Dorothy:	But how can you talk without a brain?
Scarecrow:	Well, I don't know... but some people without brains
		do an awful lot of talking.
		-- The Wizard of Oz
Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd.
		-- Voltaire
Drive defensively.  Buy a tank.
Early to bed and early to rise and you'll be groggy when everyone else is
wide awake.
	Eeyore, the old grey Donkey, stood by the side of the stream, and
looked at himself in the water.
	"Pathetic," he said.  "That's what it is.  Pathetic."
	He turned and walked slowly down the stream for twenty yards,
splashed across it, and walked slowly back on the other side.  Then he
looked at himself again.
	"As I thought," he said, "no better from *____this* side.  But nobody
minds.  Nobody cares.  Pathetic, that's what it is.
		-- A. A. Milne, "Winnie the Pooh," Chapter VI, "In Which Eeyore
		   Has a Birthday and Gets Two Presents"
Elevators smell different to midgets.
Enjoy your life; be pleasant and gay, like the birds in May.
Enjoy yourself while you're still old.
Envy is a pain of mind that successful men cause their neighbors.
		-- Onasander
Etiquette is for those with no breeding; fashion for those with no taste.
Even a hawk is an eagle among crows.
Even God lends a hand to honest boldness.
		-- Menander
Even if you persuade me, you won't persuade me.
		-- Aristophanes
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
		-- Will Rogers
Even moderation ought not to be practiced to excess.
	Everthing is farther away than it used to be.  It is even twice as
far to the corner and they have added a hill.  I have given up running for
the bus; it leaves earlier than it used to.
	It seems to me they are making the stairs steeper than in the old
days.  And have you noticed the smaller print they use in the newspapers?
	There is no sense in asking anyone to read aloud anymore, as everbody
speaks in such a low voice I can hardly hear them.
	The material in dresses is so skimpy now, especially around the hips
and waist, that it is almost impossible to reach one's shoelaces.  And the
sizes don't run the way they used to.  The 12's and 14's are so much smaller.
	Even people are changing.  They are so much younger than they used to
be when I was their age.  On  the other hand people my age are so much older
than I am.
	I ran into an old classmate the other day and she has aged so much
that she didn't recognize me.
	I got to thinking about the poor dear while I was combing my hair
this morning and in so doing I glanced at my own reflection.  Really now,
they don't even make good mirrors like they used to.
		Sandy Frazier, "I Have Noticed"
Every improvement in communication makes the bore more terrible.
		-- Frank Moore Colby
Every man is apt to form his notions of things difficult to be apprehended,
or less familiar, from their analogy to things which are more familiar.
Thus, if a man bred to the seafaring life, and accustomed to think and talk
only of matters relating to navigation, enters into discourse upon any other
subject; it is well known, that the language and the notions proper to his
own profession are infused into every subject, and all things are measured
by the rules of navigation: and if he should take it into his head to
philosophize concerning the faculties of the mind, it cannot be doubted,
but he would draw his notions from the fabric of the ship, and would find
in the mind, sails, masts, rudder, and compass.
		-- Thomas Reid, "An Inquiry into the Human Mind", 1764
Every man is as God made him, ay, and often worse.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits
of the world.
		-- Schopenhauer
Every time I look at you I am more convinced of Darwin's theory.
Everybody has something to conceal.
		-- Humphrey Bogart
Everybody is somebody else's weirdo.
		-- Dykstra
Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.
Everyone complains of his memory, no one of his judgement.
Everyone hates me because I'm paranoid.
Everyone is a genius.  It's just that some people are too stupid to realize it.
Everyone is entitled to my opinion.
Everyone is more or less mad on one point.
		-- Rudyard Kipling
Everyone talks about apathy, but no one ____does anything about it.
Everyone wants results, but no one is willing to do what it takes to get them.
		-- Dirty Harry
Everyone was born right-handed.  Only the greatest overcome it.
Everyone's in a high place when you're on your knees.
Evil is that which one believes of others.  It is a sin to believe evil
of others, but it is seldom a mistake.
		-- H. L. Mencken
Example is not the main thing in influencing others.  It is the only thing.
		-- Albert Schweitzer
	Excellence is THE trend of the '80s.  Walk into any shopping
mall bookstore, go to the rack where they keep the best-sellers such as
"Garfield Gets Spayed", and you'll see a half-dozen books telling you
how to be excellent: "In Search of Excellence", "Finding Excellence",
"Grasping Hold of Excellence", "Where to Hide Your Excellence at Night
So the Cleaning Personnel Don't Steal It", etc.
		-- Dave Barry, "In Search of Excellence"
Excess on occasion is exhilarating.  It prevents moderation from
acquiring the deadening effect of a habit.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham
Exhilaration is that feeling you get just after a great idea hits you,
and just before you realize what is wrong with it.
Experience is not what happens to you; it is what you do with what happens
to you.
		-- Aldous Huxley
Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you recognize a mistake
when you make it again.
		-- Franklin P. Jones
Experience is what causes a person to make new mistakes instead of old ones.
Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.
Experience is what you get when you were expecting something else.
Experience teaches you that the man who looks you straight in the eye,
particularly if he adds a firm handshake, is hiding something.
		-- Clifton Fadiman, "Enter Conversing"
Fame may be fleeting but obscurity is forever.
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it
every six months.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Fashions have done more harm than revolutions.
		-- Victor Hugo
Fess:	Well, you must admit there is something innately humorous about
	a man chasing an invention of his own halfway across the galaxy.
Rod:	Oh yeah, it's a million yuks, sure.  But after all, isn't that the
	basic difference between robots and humans?
Fess:	What, the ability to form imaginary constructs?
Rod:	No, the ability to get hung up on them.
		-- Christopher Stasheff, "The Warlock in Spite of Himself"
Flattery is like cologne -- to be smelled, but not swallowed.
		-- Josh Billings
For an idea to be fashionable is ominous, since it must afterwards be
always old-fashioned.
For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism.
		-- Harrison
For every credibility gap, there is a gullibility fill.
		-- R. Clopton
For I do not do the good I want, but the evil I do not want is what I do.
		-- Paul of Tarsus, (Saint Paul)
	"For I perceive that behind this seemingly unrelated sequence
of events, there lurks a singular, sinister attitude of mind."
	"Whose?"
	"MINE! HA-HA!"
For men use, if they have an evil turn, to write it in marble:
and whoso doth us a good turn we write it in dust.
		-- Sir Thomas More
For most men life is a search for the proper manila envelope in which to
get themselves filed.
		-- Clifton Fadiman
For people who like that kind of book, that is the kind of book they will like.
For perfect happiness, remember two things:
	(1) Be content with what you've got.
	(2) Be sure you've got plenty.
For those who like this sort of thing, this is the sort of thing they like.
		-- Abraham Lincoln
"For three days after death hair and fingernails continue to grow but
phone calls taper off."
		-- Johnny Carson
Fortune finishes the great quotations, #2

	If at first you don't succeed, think how many people
	you've made happy.
Fortune finishes the great quotations, #21

	Shall I compare thee to a Summer day?
	No, I guess not.
Fortune finishes the great quotations, #6

	"But, soft!  What light through yonder window breaks?"
	It's nothing, honey.  Go back to sleep.
Four fifths of the perjury in the world is expended on tombstones, women
and competitors.
		-- Lord Thomas Dewar
Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
		-- Thomas Jones
Friendships last when each friend thinks he has a slight superiority
over the other.
		-- Honore DeBalzac
Genius is the talent of a person who is dead.
Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped.
		-- Elbert Hubbard
Get forgiveness now -- tomorrow you may no longer feel guilty.
Give me a sleeping pill and tell me your troubles.
Go out and tell a lie that will make the whole family proud of you.
		-- Cadmus, to Pentheus, in "The Bacchae" by Euripides
Go slowly to the entertainments of thy friends, but quickly to their
misfortunes.
		-- Chilo
God gives us relatives; thank goodness we can chose our friends.
God must love the common man; He made so many of them.
Good advice is one of those insults that ought to be forgiven.
Good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad
example.
		-- La Rochefoucauld
Good judgement comes from experience.  Experience comes from bad judgement.
		-- Jim Horning
Gratitude, like love, is never a dependable international emotion.
		-- Joseph Alsop
Great minds run in great circles.
Greatness is a transitory experience. It is never consistent.
Growing old isn't bad when you consider the alternatives.
		-- Maurice Chevalier
Half of being smart is knowing what you're dumb at.
Half the world is composed of people who have something to say and can't,
and the other half who have nothing to say and keep on saying it.
Hate is like acid.  It can damage the vessel in which it is stored as well
as destroy the object on which it is poured.
Hate the sin and love the sinner.
		-- Mahatma Gandhi
Have no friends not equal to yourself.
		-- Confucius
Having no talent is no longer enough.
		-- Gore Vidal
He had occasional flashes of silence that made his conversation perfectly
delightful.
		-- Sydney Smith
He had that rare weird electricity about him -- that extremely wild and heavy
presence that you only see in a person who has abandoned all hope of ever
behaving "normally."
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing '72"
He hadn't a single redeeming vice.
		-- Oscar Wilde
He is a man capable of turning any colour into grey.
		-- John LeCarre
He is considered a most graceful speaker who can say nothing in the most words.
He is not only dull himself, he is the cause of dullness in others.
		-- Samuel Johnson
He laughs at every joke three times... once when it's told, once when
it's explained, and once when he understands it.
He looked at me as if I were a side dish he hadn't ordered.
		-- Ring Lardner
He missed an invaluable opportunity to hold his tongue.
		-- Andrew Lang
He only knew his iron spine held up the sky -- he didn't realize his brain
had fallen to the ground.
		-- The Book of Serenity
He thinks by infection, catching an opinion like a cold.
He walks as if balancing the family tree on his nose.
He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes.
He who always plows a straight furrow is in a rut.
He who despises himself nevertheless esteems himself as a self-despiser.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche
He who hoots with owls by night cannot soar with eagles by day.
He who is flogged by fate and laughs the louder is a masochist.
He who is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else.
He who is known as an early riser need not get up until noon.
He who minds his own business is never unemployed.
He who walks on burning coals is sure to get burned.
		-- Sinbad
He who wonders discovers that this in itself is wonder.
		-- M. C. Escher
He's the kind of guy, that, well, if you were ever in a jam he'd
be there... with two slices of bread and some chunky peanut butter.
"He's the kind of man for the times that need the kind of man he is ..."
Her days were spent in a kind of slow bustle; always busy without getting
on, always behind hand and lamenting it, without altering her ways;
wishing to be an economist, without contrivance or regularity; dissatisfied
with her servants, without skill to make them better, and whether helping, or
reprimanding, or indulging them, without any power of engaging their respect.
		-- J. Austen
Here I am, fifty-eight, and I still don't know what I want to be when
I grow up.
		-- Peter Drucker
Hi!  I'm Larry.  This is my brother Bob, and this is my other brother
Jimbo.  We thought you might like to know the names of your assailants.
Higgins:	Doolittle, you're either an honest man or a rogue.
Doolittle:	A little of both, Guv'nor.  Like the rest of us, a
		little of both.
		-- Shaw, "Pygmalion"
Hindsight is always 20:20.
		-- Billy Wilder
Hindsight is an exact science.
His life was formal; his actions seemed ruled with a ruler.
His mind is like a steel trap: full of mice.
		-- Foghorn Leghorn
History repeats itself -- the first time as a tragi-comedy, the second
time as bedroom farce.
History repeats itself only if one does not listen the first time.
History repeats itself.  That's one thing wrong with history.
Home is the place where, when you have to go there, they have to take you in.
		-- Robert Frost, "The Death of the Hired Man"
Home life as we understand it is no more natural to us than a cage is
to a cockatoo.
		-- George Bernard Shaw
Hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper.
		-- Francis Bacon
Hope is a waking dream.
		-- Aristotle
Hope not, lest ye be disappointed.
		-- M. Horner
How comes it to pass, then, that we appear such cowards in reasoning,
and are so afraid to stand the test of ridicule?
		-- A. Cooper
How long a minute is depends on which side of the bathroom door you're on.
How many "coming men" has one known!  Where on earth do they all go to?
		-- Sir Arthur Wing Pinero
However, never daunted, I will cope with adversity in my traditional
manner ... sulking and nausea.
		-- Tom K. Ryan
Human kind cannot bear very much reality.
		-- T. S. Eliot, "Four Quartets: Burnt Norton"
Humanity has advanced, when it has advanced, not because it has been sober,
responsible, and cautious, but because it has been playful, rebellious, and
immature.
		-- Tom Robbins
Humans are communications junkies.  We just can't get enough.
		-- Alan Kay
Humility is the first of the virtues -- for other people.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes
I allow the world to live as it chooses, and I allow myself to live as I
choose.
I always choose my friends for their good looks and my enemies for their
good intellects.  Man cannot be too careful in his choice of enemies.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Picture of Dorian Gray"
I always pass on good advice.  It is the only thing to do with it.
It is never any good to oneself.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "An Ideal Husband"
I always say beauty is only sin deep.
		-- Saki, "Reginald's Choir Treat"
I am an optimist.  It does not seem too much use being anything else.
		-- Winston Churchill
I am firm.  You are obstinate.  He is a pig-headed fool.
		-- Katharine Whitehorn
I am looking for a honest man.
		-- Diogenes the Cynic
"I am ready to meet my Maker.  Whether my Maker is prepared for the
great ordeal of meeting me is another matter."
		-- Winston Churchill
I believe in getting into hot water; it keeps you clean.
		-- G. K. Chesterton
I call them as I see them.  If I can't see them, I make them up.
		-- Biff Barf
I can give you my word, but I know what it's worth and you don't.
		-- Nero Wolfe, "Over My Dead Body"
I can write better than anybody who can write faster, and I can write
faster than anybody who can write better.
		-- A. J. Liebling
I can't seem to bring myself to say, "Well, I guess I'll be toddling along."
It isn't that I can't toddle.  It's that I can't guess I'll toddle.
		-- Robert Benchley
I can't stand squealers; hit that guy.
		-- Albert Anastasia
I can't understand it.  I can't even understand the people who can
understand it.
		-- Queen Juliana of the Netherlands.
I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas.  I'm frightened
of the old ones.
		-- John Cage
I cannot and will not cut my conscience to fit this year's fashions.
		-- Lillian Hellman
I consider the day misspent that I am not either charged with a crime,
or arrested for one.
		-- "Ratsy" Tourbillon
I didn't get sophisticated -- I just got tired.  But maybe that's what
sophisticated is -- being tired.
		-- Rita Gain
"I didn't know it was impossible when I did it."
I disagree with what you say, but will defend to the death your right to
tell such LIES!
I do not know myself and God forbid that I should.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
I do not know where to find in any literature, whether ancient or modern,
any adequate account of that nature with which I am acquainted.  Mythology
comes nearest to it of any.
		-- Henry David Thoreau
	"I don't know what you mean by 'glory'," Alice said.
	Humpty Dumpty smiled contemptuously.  "Of course you don't --
till I tell you.  I meant 'there's a nice knock-down argument for you!'"
	"But glory doesn't mean 'a nice knock-down argument'," Alice
objected.
	"When I use a word," Humpty Dumpty said, in a rather scornful
tone, "it means just what I choose it to mean -- neither more nor less."
	"The question is," said Alice, "whether you can make words mean
so many different things."
	"The question is," said Humpty Dumpty, "which is to be master --
that's all."
		-- Lewis Carrol, "Through the Looking Glass"
I don't know who my grandfather was; I am much more concerned to know
what his grandson will be.
		-- Abraham Lincoln
I don't know why we're here, I say we all go home and free associate.
I don't make the rules, Gil, I only play the game.
		-- Cash McCall
I don't mind arguing with myself.  It's when I lose that it bothers me.
		-- Richard Powers
I don't remember it, but I have it written down.
"I don't think they could put him in a mental hospital.  On the other
hand, if he were already in, I don't think they'd let him out."
"I don't understand," said the scientist, "why you lemmings all rush down
to the sea and drown yourselves."

"How curious," said the lemming. "The one thing I don't understand is why
you human beings don't."
		-- James Thurber
I don't want to bore you, but there's nobody else around for me to bore.
I either want less decadence or more chance to participate in it.
I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it.
		-- Mae West
I give you the man who -- the man who -- uh, I forgets the man who?
		-- Beauregard Bugleboy
I got vision, and the rest of the world wears bifocals.
		-- Butch Cassidy
I guess I've been wrong all my life, but so have billions of other people...
Certainty is just an emotion.
		-- Hal Clement
I hate mankind, for I think myself one of the best of them, and I know
how bad I am.
		-- Samuel Johnson
I hate small towns because once you've seen the cannon in the park
there's nothing else to do.
		-- Lenny Bruce
I have discovered that all human evil comes from this, man's being unable
to sit still in a room.
		-- Blaise Pascal
I have found little that is good about human beings.  In my experience
most of them are trash.
		-- Sigmund Freud
I have great faith in fools -- self confidence my friends call it.
		-- Edgar Allan Poe
I have learned silence from the talkative,
toleration from the intolerant, and kindness from the unkind.
		-- Kahlil Gibran
I have made mistakes but I have never made the mistake of claiming
that I have never made one.
		-- James Gordon Bennett
I have no right, by anything I do or say, to demean a human being in his
own eyes.  What matters is not what I think of him; it is what he thinks
of himself.  To undermine a man's self-respect is a sin.
		-- Antoine de Saint-Exupery
I knew one thing: as soon as anyone said you didn't need a gun, you'd better
take one along that worked.
		-- Raymond Chandler
I love mankind ... It's people I hate.
		-- Schulz
	I made it a rule to forbear all direct contradictions to the sentiments
of others, and all positive assertion of my own.  I even forbade myself the use
of every word or expression in the language that imported a fixed opinion, such
as "certainly", "undoubtedly", etc.   I adopted instead of them "I conceive",
"I apprehend", or "I imagine" a thing to be so or so; or "so it appears to me
at present".
	When another asserted something that I thought an error, I denied
myself the pleasure of contradicting him abruptly, and of showing him
immediately some absurdity in his proposition.  In answering I began by
observing that in certain cases or circumstances his opinion would be right,
but in the present case there appeared or semed to me some difference, etc.
	I soon found the advantage of this change in my manner; the
conversations I engaged in went on more pleasantly.  The modest way in which I
proposed my opinions procured them a readier reception and less contradiction.
I had less mortification when I was found to be in the wrong, and I more easily
prevailed with others to give up their mistakes and join with me when I
happened to be in the right.
		-- Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin
"I may appear to be just sitting here like a bucket of tapioca, but don't
let appearances fool you.  I'm approaching old age ... at the speed of light."
		-- Prof. Cosmo Fishhawk
I may be getting older, but I refuse to grow up!
I may not be totally perfect, but parts of me are excellent.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant
I never killed a man that didn't deserve it.
		-- Mickey Cohen
I prefer rogues to imbeciles because they sometimes take a rest.
		-- Alexandre Dumas, fils
I profoundly believe it takes a lot of practice to become a moral slob.
		-- William F. Buckley
I put the shotgun in an Adidas bag and padded it out with four pairs of
tennis socks, not my style at all, but that was what I was aiming for:  If
they think you're crude, go technical; if they think you're technical, go
crude.  I'm a very technical boy.  So I decided to get as crude as possible.
These days, though, you have to be pretty technical before you can even
aspire to crudeness.
		-- William Gibson, "Johnny Mnemonic"
"... I should explain that I was wearing a black velvet cape that was
supposed to make me look like the dashing, romantic Zorro but which actually
made me look like a gigantic bat wearing glasses ..."
		-- Dave Barry, "The Wet Zorro Suit and Other Turning
		   Points in l'Amour"
I sometimes think that God, in creating man, somewhat overestimated his ability.
		-- Oscar Wilde
I think I'm schizophrenic.  One half of me's paranoid and the other half's
out to get him.
I treasure this strange combination found in very few persons: a fierce
desire for life as well as a lucid perception of the ultimate futility of
the quest.
		-- Madeleine Gobeil
I used to think that the brain was the most wonderful organ in
my body.  Then I realized who was telling me this.
		-- Emo Phillips
I waited and waited and when no message came I knew it must be from you.
I will follow the good side right to the fire, but not into it if I can
help it.
		-- Michel Eyquem de Montaigne
I'll defend to the death your right to say that, but I never said I'd
listen to it!
		-- Tom Galloway with apologies to Voltaire
I'll give you my opinion of the human race in a nutshell ... their heart's
in the right place, but their head is a thoroughly inefficient organ.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham, "The Summing Up"
I'll pretend to trust you if you'll pretend to trust me.
I'm not the person your mother warned you about... her imagination isn't
that good.
		-- Amy Gorin
"I'm really enjoying not talking to you ... Let's not talk again ____REAL
soon ..."
I'm so miserable without you, it's almost like you're here.
I'm sorry if the correct way of doing things offends you.
I'm sorry, but my karma just ran over your dogma.
I'm successful because I'm lucky.   The harder I work, the luckier I get.
I've already told you more than I know.
I've found my niche.  If you're wondering why I'm not there, there was
this little hole in the bottom ...
		-- John Croll
I've given up reading books; I find it takes my mind off myself.
I've known him as a man, as an adolescent and as a child -- sometimes
on the same day.
"I've seen, I SAY, I've seen better heads on a mug of beer"
		-- Senator Claghorn
Ideas don't stay in some minds very long because they don't like
solitary confinement.
If a man has talent and cannot use it, he has failed.
		-- Thomas Wolfe
If God had intended Man to Walk, He would have given him Feet.
If God had meant for us to be naked, we would have been born that way.
If God had really intended men to fly, he'd make it easier to get to the
airport.
		-- George Winters
If God had wanted you to go around nude, He would have given you bigger hands.
If God hadn't wanted you to be paranoid, He wouldn't have given you such
a vivid imagination.
If God wanted us to be brave, why did he give us legs?
		-- Marvin Kitman
If he should ever change his faith, it'll be because he no longer thinks
he's God.
If I'm over the hill, why is it I don't recall ever being on top?
		-- Jerry Muscha
If man is only a little lower than the angels, the angels should reform.
		-- Mary Wilson Little
If one studies too zealously, one easily loses his pants.
		-- A. Einstein.
If one tells the truth, one is sure, sooner or later, to be found out.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "Phrases and Philosophies for the Use
		of the Young"
If only I could be respected without having to be respectable.
If only one could get that wonderful feeling of accomplishment without
having to accomplish anything.
If only you had a personality instead of an attitude.
If opportunity came disguised as temptation, one knock would be enough.
If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward,
then we are a sorry lot indeed.
		-- Albert Einstein
If people see that you mean them no harm, they'll never hurt you, nine
times out of ten!
If practice makes perfect, and nobody's perfect, why practice?
If some people didn't tell you, you'd never know they'd been away on vacation.
If someone says he will do something "without fail", he won't.
If the weather is extremely bad, church attendance will be down.  If
the weather is extremely good, church attendance will be down.  If the
bulletin covers are in short supply, however, church attendance will
exceed all expectations.
		-- Reverend Chichester
If there is a wrong way to do something, then someone will do it.
		-- Edward A. Murphy Jr.
If there was any justice in the world, "trust" would be a four-letter word.
If things don't improve soon, you'd better ask them to stop helping you.
"If we were meant to fly, we wouldn't keep losing our luggage."
If we were meant to get up early, God would have created us with alarm clocks.
If you are a fatalist, what can you do about it?
		-- Ann Edwards-Duff
If you are honest because honesty is the best policy, your honesty is corrupt.
If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs, then
you clearly don't understand the situation.
If you can't say anything good about someone, sit right here by me.
		-- Alice Roosevelt Longworth
If you cannot in the long run tell everyone what you have been doing,
your doing was worthless.
		-- Edwim Schrodinger
If you continually give you will continually have.
If you didn't get caught, did you really do it?
If you didn't have most of your friends, you wouldn't have most of
your problems.
If you do not wish a man to do a thing, you had better get him to talk about
it; for the more men talk, the more likely they are to do nothing else.
		-- Carlyle
If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.
If you don't do it, you'll never know what would have happened if you
had done it.
If you don't do the things that are not worth doing, who will?
If you don't go to other men's funerals they won't go to yours.
		-- Clarence Day
If you don't have a nasty obituary you probably didn't matter.
		-- Freeman Dyson
If you don't like the way I drive, stay off the sidewalk!
If you don't say anything, you won't be called on to repeat it.
		-- Calvin Coolidge
If you explain so clearly that nobody can misunderstand, somebody will.
If you flaunt it, expect to have it trashed.
If you float on instinct alone, how can you calculate the buoyancy for
the computed load?
		-- Christopher Hodder-Williams
If you go out of your mind, do it quietly, so as not to disturb those
around you.
If you had any brains, you'd be dangerous.
If you just try long enough and hard enough, you can always manage to
boot yourself in the posterior.
		-- A. J. Liebling, "The Press"
If you keep your mind sufficiently open, people will throw a lot of
rubbish into it.
		-- William Orton
If you lived today as if it were your last, you'd buy up a box of rockets
and fire them all off, wouldn't you?
		-- Garrison Keillor
If you look good and dress well, you don't need a purpose in life.
		-- Robert Pante, fashion consultant
If you make people think they're thinking, they'll love you; but if you
really make them think they'll hate you.
If you mess with a thing long enough, it'll break.
		-- Schmidt
If you notice that a person is deceiving you, they must not be
deceiving you very well.
If you talk to God, you are praying; if God talks to you, you have
schizophrenia.
		-- Thomas Szasz
If you think before you speak the other guy gets his joke in first.
If you think the problem is bad now, just wait until we've solved it.
		-- Arthur Kasspe
If you think things can't get worse it's probably only because you
lack sufficient imagination.
If you try to please everyone, somebody is not going to like it.
If you want to know how old a man is, ask his brother-in-law.
If you will practice being fictional for a while, you will understand that
fictional characters are sometimes more real than people with bodies and
heartbeats.
If you would understand your own age, read the works of fiction produced
in it.  People in disguise speak freely.
If you're careful enough, nothing bad or good will ever happen to you.
If you're constantly being mistreated, you're cooperating with the treatment.
If you're going to do something tonight that you'll be sorry for tomorrow
morning, sleep late.
		-- Henny Youngman
If you're happy, you're successful.
If you're not very clever you should be conciliatory.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli
In good speaking, should not the mind of the speaker know the truth of
the matter about which he is to speak?
		-- Plato
In matters of principle, stand like a rock;
in matters of taste, swim with the current.
		-- Thomas Jefferson
In most instances, all an argument proves is that two people are present.
In success there's a tendency to keep on doing what you were doing.
		-- Alan Kay
In the misfortune of our friends we find something that is not displeasing
to us.
		-- La Rochefoucauld, "Maxims"
In this world some people are going to like me and some are not.  So, I may
as well be me.  Then I know if someone likes me, they like me.
In this world there are only two tragedies.  One is not getting what one
wants, and the other is getting it.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Innocence ends when one is stripped of the delusion that one likes oneself.
		-- Joan Didion, "On Self Respect"
Intolerance is the last defense of the insecure.
Involvement with people is always a very delicate thing --
it requires real maturity to become involved and not get all messed up.
		-- Bernard Cooke
It destroys one's nerves to be amiable every day to the same human being.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli
It does not matter if you fall down as long as you pick up something
from the floor while you get up.
It doesn't matter what you do, it only matters what you say you've
done and what you're going to do.
It has been observed that one's nose is never so happy as when it is
thrust into the affairs of another, from which some physiologists have
drawn the inference that the nose is devoid of the sense of smell.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
It has been said that man is a rational animal.  All my life I have
been searching for evidence which could support this.
		-- Bertrand Russell
It is all right to hold a conversation, but you should let go of it
now and then.
		-- Richard Armour
It is always the best policy to tell the truth, unless, of course,
you are an exceptionally good liar.
		-- Jerome K. Jerome
It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness.
It is better for civilization to be going down the drain than to be
coming up it.
		-- Henry Allen
It is easier to get forgiveness than permission.
It is easier to make a saint out of a libertine than out of a prig.
		-- George Santayana
It is easy when we are in prosperity to give advice to the afflicted.
		-- Aeschylus
It is equally bad when one speeds on the guest unwilling to go, and when he
holds back one who is hastening.  Rather one should befriend the guest who
is there, but speed him when he wishes.
		-- Homer, "The Odyssey"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to scheduling.]
It is exactly because a man cannot do a thing that he is a proper judge of it.
		-- Oscar Wilde
It is far more impressive when others discover your good qualities without
your help.
		-- Miss Manners
It is generally agreed that "Hello" is an appropriate greeting because
if you entered a room and said "Goodbye," it could confuse a lot of people.
		-- Dolph Sharp, "I'm O.K., You're Not So Hot"
It is impossible for an optimist to be pleasantly surprised.
It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious.
It is indeed desirable to be well descended, but the glory belongs to
our ancestors.
		-- Plutarch
It is much easier to be critical than to be correct.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli
It is not enough to have a good mind. The main thing is to use it well.
		-- Rene Descartes
It is not enough to have great qualities, we should also have the
management of them.
		-- La Rochefoucauld
It is not good for a man to be without knowledge,
and he who makes haste with his feet misses his way.
		-- Proverbs 19:2
It is often easier to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission.
		-- Grace Murray Hopper
It is one thing to praise discipline, and another to submit to it.
		-- Cervantes
It is only people of small moral stature who have to stand on their dignity.
It is only the great men who are truly obscene.  If they had not dared
to be obscene, they could never have dared to be great.
		-- Havelock Ellis
It is the business of little minds to shrink.
		-- Carl Sandburg
It is the nature of extreme self-lovers, as they will set an house on fire,
and it were but to roast their eggs.
		-- Francis Bacon
It is the wisdom of crocodiles, that shed tears when they would devour.
		-- Francis Bacon
It is the wise bird who builds his nest in a tree.
It matters not whether you win or lose; what matters is whether II win or lose.
		-- Darrin Weinberg
It may be bad manners to talk with your mouth full, but it isn't too
good either if you speak when your head is empty.
It may be that your whole purpose in life is simply to serve as a
warning to others.
It pays to be obvious, especially if you have a reputation for subtlety.
It seemed the world was divided into good and bad people.  The good ones slept
better... while the bad ones seemed to enjoy the waking hours much more.
		-- Woody Allen, "Side Effects"
It seems to make an auto driver mad if he misses you.
It takes a special kind of courage to face what we all have to face.
It takes all kinds to fill the freeways.
		-- Crazy Charlie
It takes both a weapon, and two people, to commit a murder.
It takes less time to do a thing right than it does to explain why you
did it wrong.
		-- H. W. Longfellow
It takes two to tell the truth: one to speak and one to hear.
It will be generally found that those who sneer habitually at human nature
and affect to despise it, are among its worst and least pleasant examples.
		-- Charles Dickens
It would be nice to be sure of anything the way some people are of everything.
It's amazing how many people you could be friends with if only they'd
make the first approach.
It's amazing how much "mature wisdom" resembles being too tired.
It's amazing how nice people are to you when they know you're going away.
		-- Michael Arlen
It's bad enough that life is a rat-race, but why do the rats always have to win?
It's better to be quotable than to be honest.
		-- Tom Stoppard
It's better to be wanted for murder that not to be wanted at all.
		-- Marty Winch
It's easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.
It's easier to get forgiveness for being wrong than forgiveness for being
right.
It's hard not to like a man of many qualities, even if most of them are bad.
It's hard to be humble when you're perfect.
It's hard to keep your shirt on when you're getting something off your chest.
It's interesting to think that many quite distinguished people have
bodies similar to yours.
It's only by NOT taking the human race seriously that I retain
what fragments of my once considerable mental powers I still possess.
		-- Roger Noe
It's reassuring to know that if you behave strangely enough, society will
take full responsibility for you.
It's sweet to be remembered, but it's often cheaper to be forgotten.
Jealousy is all the fun you think they have.
Just because I turn down a contract on a guy doesn't mean he isn't going
to get hit.
		-- Joey
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they AREN'T after you.
"Just out of curiosity does this actually mean something or have some
of the few remaining bits of your brain just evaporated?"
		-- Patricia O Tuama, rissa@killer.DALLAS.TX.US
Just weigh your own hurt against the hurt of all the others, and then
do what's best.
		-- Lovers and Other Strangers
Just when you thought you were winning the rat race, along comes a faster rat!!
Justice always prevails ... three times out of seven!
		-- Michael J. Wagner
Keep cool, but don't freeze.
		-- Hellman's Mayonnaise
Keep your mouth shut and people will think you stupid;
Open it and you remove all doubt.
Lack of capability is usually disguised by lack of interest.
Lack of money is the root of all evil.
		-- George Bernard Shaw
Largest Number of Driving Test Failures
	By April 1970 Mrs. Miriam Hargrave had failed her test thirty-nine
times.  In the eight preceding years she had received two hundred and
twelve driving lessons at a cost of L300.  She set the new record while
driving triumphantly through a set of red traffic lights in Wakefield,
Yorkshire.  Disappointingly, she passed at the fortieth attempt (3 August
1970) but eight years later she showed some of her old magic when she was
reported as saying that she still didn't like doing right-hand turns.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
Last guys don't finish nice.
		-- Stanley Kelley, on the cult of victory at all costs
Laughter is the closest distance between two people.
		-- Victor Borge
Learn from other people's mistakes, you don't have time to make your own.
Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
		-- Publilius Syrus
Let the meek inherit the earth -- they have it coming to them.
		-- James Thurber
Let's do it.
		-- Gary Gilmore, to his firing squad
Life is a hospital in which every patient is possessed by the desire to
change his bed.
		-- Charles Baudelaire
Life is a series of rude awakenings.
		-- R. V. Winkle
Life is a serious burden, which no thinking, humane person would
wantonly inflict on someone else.
		-- Clarence Darrow
Life is an exciting business, and most exciting when it is lived for others.
Life is like bein' on a mule team.  Unless you're the lead mule, all the
scenery looks about the same.
"Life would be much simpler and things would get done much faster if it
weren't for other people"
		-- Blore
Like my parents, I have never been a regular church member or churchgoer.
It doesn't seem plausible to me that there is the kind of God who watches
over human affairs, listens to prayers, and tries to guide people to follow
His precepts -- there is just too much misery and cruelty for that.  On the
other hand, I respect and envy the people who get inspiration from their
religions.
		-- Benjamin Spock
	Looking for a cool one after a long, dusty ride, the drifter strode
into the saloon.  As he made his way through the crowd to the bar, a man
galloped through town screaming, "Big Mike's comin'!  Run fer yer lives!"
	Suddenly, the saloon doors burst open.  An enormous man, standing over
eight feet tall and weighing an easy 400 pounds, rode in on a bull, using a
rattlesnake for a whip.  Grabbing the drifter by the arm and throwing him over
the bar, the giant thundered, "Gimme a drink!"
	The terrified man handed over a bottle of whiskey, which the man
guzzled in one gulp and then smashed on the bar.  He then stood aghast as
the man stuffed the broken bottle in his mouth, munched broken glass and
smacked his lips with relish.
	"Can I, ah, uh, get you another, sir?" the drifter stammered.
	"Naw, I gotta git outa here, boy," the man grunted.  "Big Mike's
a-comin'."
Lord, defend me from my friends; I can account for my enemies.
		-- Charles D'Hericault
Love thy neighbor as thyself, but choose your neighborhood.
		-- Louise Beal
Love your enemies: they'll go crazy trying to figure out what you're up to.
Love your neighbour, yet don't pull down your hedge.
		-- Benjamin Franklin
Lying is an indispensable part of making life tolerable.
		-- Bergan Evans
Make no little plans; they have no magic to stir men's blood.
		-- Daniel Hudson Burnham
Man belongs wherever he wants to go.
		-- Wernher von Braun
Man has made his bedlam; let him lie in it.
		-- Fred Allen
Man has never reconciled himself to the ten commandments.
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
		-- Lily Tomlin
Man is a rational animal who always loses his temper when he is called upon
to act in accordance with the dictates of reason.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Man is the only animal that can remain on friendly terms with the
victims he intends to eat until he eats them.
		-- Samuel Butler (1835-1902)
Man is the only animal that laughs and weeps; for he is the only animal
that is struck with the difference between what things are and what they
ought to be.
		-- William Hazlitt
Man usually avoids attributing cleverness to somebody else -- unless it
is an enemy.
		-- Albert Einstein
Man's horizons are bounded by his vision.
Man's unique agony as a species consists in his perpetual conflict between
the desire to stand out and the need to blend in.
		-- Sydney J. Harris
Many a family tree needs trimming.
Many a man that can't direct you to a corner drugstore will get a respectful
hearing when age has further impaired his mind.
		-- Finley Peter Dunne
Many mental processes admit of being roughly measured.  For instance,
the degree to which people are bored, by counting the number of their
fidgets. I not infrequently tried this method at the meetings of the
Royal Geographical Society, for even there dull memoirs are occasionally
read.  [...]  The use of a watch attracts attention, so I reckon time
by the number of my breathings, of which there are 15 in a minute.  They
are not counted mentally, but are punctuated by pressing with 15 fingers
successively.  The counting is reserved for the fidgets.  These observations
should be confined to persons of middle age.  Children are rarely still,
while elderly philosophers will sometimes remain rigid for minutes altogether.
		-- Francis Galton, 1909
Many people are desperately looking for some wise advice which will
recommend that they do what they want to do.
Many people are secretly interested in life.
Many people feel that if you won't let them make you happy, they'll make you
suffer.
Many people feel that they deserve some kind of recognition for all the
bad things they haven't done.
Many people resent being treated like the person they really are.
Many receive advice, few profit by it.
		-- Publilius Syrus
'Martyrdom' is the only way a person can become famous without ability.
		-- George Bernard Shaw
May those that love us love us; and those that don't love us, may
God turn their hearts; and if he doesn't turn their hearts, may
he turn their ankles so we'll know them by their limping.
May you die in bed at 95, shot by a jealous spouse.
Maybe Jesus was right when he said that the meek shall inherit the
earth -- but they inherit very small plots, about six feet by three.
		-- Lazarus Long
"Maybe we can get together and show off to each other sometimes."
Meekness is uncommon patience in planning a worthwhile revenge.
Men ought to know that from the brain and from the brain only arise our
pleasures, joys, laughter, and jests as well as our sorrows, pains, griefs
and tears.  ...  It is the same thing which makes us mad or delirious,
inspires us with dread and fear, whether by night or by day, brings us
sleeplessness, inopportune mistakes, aimless anxieties, absent-mindedness
and acts that are contrary to habit...
		-- Hippocrates "The Sacred Disease"
Men use thought only to justify their wrong doings, and speech only to
conceal their thoughts.
		-- Voltaire
Millions long for immortality who do not know what to do with themselves on a
rainy Sunday afternoon.
		-- Susan Ertz
Mind your own business, then you don't mind mine.
Mix a little foolishness with your serious plans; it's lovely to be silly
at the right moment.
		-- Horace
Modern man is the missing link between apes and human beings.
Modesty is a vastly overrated virtue.
		-- J. K. Galbraith
More are taken in by hope than by cunning.
		-- Vauvenargues
More people are flattered into virtue than bullied out of vice.
		-- R. S. Surtees
Most of our lives are about proving something, either to ourselves or to
someone else.
Most of the fear that spoils our life comes from attacking difficulties
before we get to them.
		-- Dr. Frank Crane
Most of your faults are not your fault.
Most people are too busy to have time for anything important.
Most people are unable to write because they are unable to think, and
they are unable to think because they congenitally lack the equipment
to do so, just as they congenitally lack the equipment to fly over the moon.
		-- H. L. Mencken
Most people can do without the essentials, but not without the luxuries.
Most people can't understand how others can blow their noses differently
than they do.
		-- Turgenev
Most people deserve each other.
		-- Shirley
Most people feel that everyone is entitled to their opinion.
Most people have a furious itch to talk about themselves and are restrained
only by the disinclination of others to listen.  Reserve is an artificial
quality that is developed in most of us as the result of innumerable rebuffs.
		-- W. S. Maugham
Most people have a mind that's open by appointment only.
Most people have two reasons for doing anything -- a good reason, and
the real reason.
Most people in this society who aren't actively mad are, at best,
reformed or potential lunatics.
		-- Susan Sontag
Most people need some of their problems to help take their mind off
some of the others.
Most people prefer certainty to truth.
Mother told me to be good but she's been wrong before.
Murder is always a mistake -- one should never do anything one cannot
talk about after dinner.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Picture of Dorian Gray"
My brain is my second favorite organ.
		-- Woody Allen
My method is to take the utmost trouble to find the right thing to say.
And then say it with the utmost levity.
		-- G. B. Shaw
My mind can never know my body, although it has become quite friendly
with my legs.
		-- Woody Allen, on Epistemology
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
My own business always bores me to death; I prefer other people's.
		-- Oscar Wilde
My philosophy is: Don't think.
		-- Charles Manson
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's
character, give him power.
		-- Abraham Lincoln
Needs are a function of what other people have.
Neither spread the germs of gossip nor encourage others to do so.
Never argue with a fool -- people might not be able to tell the difference.
Never argue with a man who buys ink by the barrel.
Never ask the barber if you need a haircut.
Never explain.  Your friends do not need it and your enemies will never
believe you anyway.
		-- Elbert Hubbard
Never face facts; if you do you'll never get up in the morning.
		-- Marlo Thomas
Never forget what a man says to you when he is angry.
Never frighten a small man -- he'll kill you.
Never get into fights with ugly people because they have nothing to lose.
Never insult an alligator until you've crossed the river.
Never kick a man, unless he's down.
Never leave anything to chance; make sure all your crimes are premeditated.
Never pay a compliment as if expecting a receipt.
Never speak ill of yourself, your friends will always say enough on
that subject.
		-- Charles-Maurice De Talleyrand
Never tell a lie unless it is absolutely convenient.
Never trust anybody whose arm is bigger than your leg.
Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.
Never, ever lie to someone you love unless you're absolutely sure they'll
never find out the truth.
Nezvannyi gost'--khuzhe tatarina.
	[An uninvited guest is worse than the Mongol invasion]
		-- Russian proverb
Nice boy, but about as sharp as a sack of wet mice.
		-- Foghorn Leghorn
No character, however upright, is a match for constantly reiterated attacks,
however false.
		-- Alexander Hamilton
No guest is so welcome in a friend's house that he will not become a
nuisance after three days.
		-- Titus Maccius Plautus
No man is an island, but some of us are long peninsulas.
No man is useless who has a friend, and if we are loved we are indispensable.
		-- Robert Louis Stevenson
No man would listen to you talk if he didn't know it was his turn next.
		-- E. W. Howe
No matter what happens, there is always someone who knew it would.
No one becomes depraved in a moment.
		-- Decimus Junius Juvenalis
No one can have a higher opinion of him than I have, and I think he's a
dirty little beast.
		-- W. S. Gilbert
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
		-- Eleanor Roosevelt
No one can put you down without your full cooperation.
"No one gets too old to learn a new way of being stupid."
No one knows what he can do till he tries.
		-- Publilius Syrus
No one regards what is before his feet; we all gaze at the stars.
		-- Quintus Ennius
No one so thoroughly appreciates the value of constructive criticism as the
one who's giving it.
		-- Hal Chadwick
No question is so difficult as one to which the answer is obvious.
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
No sooner said than done -- so acts your man of worth.
		-- Quintus Ennius
Nobody can be as agreeable as an uninvited guest.
Nobody ever forgets where he buried the hatchet.
		-- Kin Hubbard
Nobody is one block of harmony.  We are all afraid of something, or feel
limited in something.  We all need somebody to talk to.  It would be good
if we talked to each other--not just pitter-patter, but real talk.  We
shouldn't be so afraid, because most people really like this contact;
that you show you are vulnerable makes them free to be vulnerable too.
It's so much easier to be together when we drop our masks.
		-- Liv Ullman
Nobody knows the trouble I've been.
Nobody knows what goes between his cold toes and his warm ears.
		-- Roy Harper
Nobody wants constructive criticism.  It's all we can do to put up with
constructive praise.
Nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain dealing.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Nothing makes one so vain as being told that one is a sinner.
Conscience makes egotists of us all.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Nothing shortens a journey so pleasantly as an account of misfortunes at
which the hearer is permitted to laugh.
		-- Quentin Crisp
O Lord, grant that we may always be right, for Thou knowest we will
never change our minds.
Objects are lost only because people look where they are not rather than
where they are.
Obstacles are what you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
Oh this age!  How tasteless and ill-bred it is.
		-- Gaius Valerius Catullus
Oh wearisome condition of humanity!
Born under one law, to another bound.
		-- Fulke Greville, Lord Brooke
"Oh, yes.  The important thing about having lots of things to  remember is
that you've got to go somewhere afterwards where you can remember them, you
see?  You've got to stop.  You haven't really been anywhere until you've got
back home.  I think that's what I mean."
		-- Terry Pratchett, "The Light Fantastic"
Old age and treachery will overcome youth and skill.
Old age is always fifteen years old than I am.
		-- B. Baruch
Old age is the harbor of all ills.
		-- Bion
Old age is the most unexpected of things that can happen to a man.
		-- Trotsky
Old age is too high a price to pay for maturity.
Old men are fond of giving good advice to console themselves for their
inability to set a bad example.
		-- La Rochefoucauld, "Maxims"
On Monday mornings I am dedicated to the proposition that all men are
created jerks.
		-- H. Allen Smith, "Let the Crabgrass Grow"
One advantage of talking to yourself is that you know at least somebody's
listening.
		-- Franklin P. Jones
One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
		-- Helen Keller
One family builds a wall, two families enjoy it.
One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible.
Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought,
a rivalry of aim.
		-- Henry Brook Adams
One is not superior merely because one sees the world as odious.
		-- Chateaubriand (1768-1848)
One is often kept in the right road by a rut.
		-- Gustave Droz
One man tells a falsehood, a hundred repeat it as true.
One measure of friendship consists not in the number of things friends
can discuss, but in the number of things they need no longer mention.
		-- Clifton Fadiman
One nice thing about egotists: they don't talk about other people.
One of the large consolations for experiencing anything unpleasant is
the knowledge that one can communicate it.
		-- Joyce Carol Oates
One of the major difficulties Trillian experienced in her relationship with
Zaphod was learning to distinguish between him pretending to be stupid just
to get people off their guard, pretending to be stupid because he couldn't
be bothered to think and wanted someone else to do it for him, pretending
to be so outrageously stupid to hide the fact that he actually didn't
understand what was going on, and really being genuinely stupid.  He was
reknowned for being quite clever and quite clearly was so -- but not all the
time, which obviously worried him, hence the act.  He preferred people to be
puzzled rather than contemptuous.  This above all appeared to Trillian to be
genuinely stupid, but she could no longer be bothered to argue about.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
One of the pleasures of reading old letters is the knowledge that they
need no answer.
		-- George Gordon, Lord Byron
One of the worst of my many faults is that I'm too critical of myself.
One would like to stroke and caress human beings, but one dares not do so,
because they bite.
		-- Vladimir Il'ich Lenin
Only a fool has no doubts.
Only a mediocre person is always at his best.
		-- Laurence Peter
Only fools are quoted.
		-- Anonymous
Only kings, presidents, editors, and people with tapeworms have the right
to use the editorial "we".
		-- Mark Twain
Only someone with nothing to be sorry for smiles back at the rear of an
elephant.
Only the hypocrite is really rotten to the core.
		-- Hannah Arendt
Only two of my personalities are schizophrenic, but one of them is
paranoid and the other one is out to get him.
Optimism is the content of small men in high places.
		-- F. Scott Fitzgerald, "The Crack Up"
Original thought is like original sin: both happened before you were born
to people you could not have possibly met.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"
Others can stop you temporarily, only you can do it permanently.
Others will look to you for stability, so hide when you bite your nails.
Out of the crooked timber of humanity no straight thing can ever be made.
		-- Immanuel Kant
Paranoia doesn't mean the whole world isn't out to get you.
Paranoia is heightened awareness.
Paranoia is simply an optimistic outlook on life.
Paranoid schizophrenics outnumber their enemies at least two to one.
Paranoids are people, too; they have their own problems.  It's easy
to criticize, but if everybody hated you, you'd be paranoid too.
		-- D. J. Hicks
Passionate hatred can give meaning and purpose to an empty life.
		-- Eric Hoffer
Patience is a minor form of despair, disguised as virtue.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, on qualifiers
Pelorat sighed.
	"I will never understand people."
	"There's nothing to it.  All you have to do is take a close look
at yourself and you will understand everyone else.  How would Seldon have
worked out his Plan -- and I don't care how subtle his mathematics was --
if he didn't understand people; and how could he have done that if people
weren't easy to understand?  You show me someone who can't understand
people and I'll show you someone who has built up a false image of himself
-- no offense intended."
		-- Asimov, "Foundation's Edge"
People (a group that in my opinion has always attracted an undue amount of
attention) have often been likened to snowflakes.  This analogy is meant to
suggest that each is unique -- no two alike.  This is quite patently not the
case.  People ... are simply a dime a dozen.  And, I hasten to add, their
only similarity to snowflakes resides in their invariable and lamentable
tendency to turn, after a few warm days, to slush.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"
People are like onions -- you cut them up, and they make you cry.
People are unconditionally guaranteed to be full of defects.
People don't change; they only become more so.
People don't usually make the same mistake twice -- they make it three
times, four time, five times...
People love high ideals, but they got to be about 33-percent plausible.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers
People need good lies.  There are too many bad ones.
		-- Bokonon, "Cat's Cradle" by Kurt Vonnegut, Jr.
People often find it easier to be a result of the past than a cause of the
future.
People respond to people who respond.
People say I live in my own little fantasy world... well, at least they
*know* me there!
		-- D. L. Roth
People seem to enjoy things more when they know a lot of other people
have been left out on the pleasure.
		-- Russell Baker
People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves.
People who claim they don't let little things bother them have never
slept in a room with a single mosquito.
People who fight fire with fire usually end up with ashes.
		-- Abigail Van Buren
People who have no faults are terrible; there is no way of taking
advantage of them.
People who have what they want are very fond of telling people who haven't
what they want that they don't want it.
		-- Ogden Nash
People who make no mistakes do not usually make anything.
People who push both buttons should get their wish.
People who take cat naps don't usually sleep in a cat's cradle.
People who take cold baths never have rheumatism, but they have cold baths.
People who think they know everything greatly annoy those of us who do.
People will accept your ideas much more readily if you tell them that Benjamin
Franklin said it first.
People will do tomorrow what they did today because that is what they
did yesterday.
People with narrow minds usually have broad tongues.
Perhaps the world's second worst crime is boredom.  The first is being a bore.
		-- Cecil Beaton
Personifiers of the world, unite!  You have nothing to lose but Mr. Dignity!
		-- Bernadette Bosky
Please don't put a strain on our friendship by asking me to do something
for you.
Please don't recommend me to your friends-- it's difficult enough to
cope with you alone.
Please forgive me if, in the heat of battle, I sometimes forget which
side I'm on.
Practically perfect people never permit sentiment to muddle their thinking.
		-- Mary Poppins
Pretend to spank me -- I'm a pseudo-masochist!
Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their
minds cannot change anything.
		-- G. B. Shaw
Put your brain in gear before starting your mouth in motion.
Put your trust in those who are worthy.
Questions are never indiscreet, answers sometimes are.
		-- Oscar Wilde
"Quite frankly, I don't like you humans.  After what you all have done,
I find being 'inhuman' a compliment."
		-- Spider Robinson, "Callahan's Secret"
Rarely do people communicate; they just take turns talking.
Relations are simply a tedious pack of people, who haven't the remotest
knowledge of how to live, nor the smallest instinct about when to die.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Importance of Being Earnest"
... relaxed in the manner of a man who has no need to put up a front of
any kind.
		-- John Ball, "Mark One: the Dummy"
Remember: Silly is a state of Mind, Stupid is a way of Life.
		-- Dave Butler
Revenge is a form of nostalgia.
Revenge is a meal best served cold.
	"Richard, in being so fierce toward my vampire, you were doing
what you wanted to do, even though you thought it was going to hurt
somebody else. He even told you he'd be hurt if..."
	"He was going to suck my blood!"
	"Which is what we do to anyone when we tell them we'll be hurt
if they don't live our way."
...
	"The thing that puzzles you," he said, "is an accepted saying that
happens to be impossible.  The phrase is hurt somebody else.  We choose,
ourselves, to be hurt or not to be hurt, no matter what.  Us who decides.
Nobody else.  My vampire told you he'd be hurt if you didn't let him?  That's
his decision to be hurt, that's his choice.  What you do about it is your
decision, your choice: give him blood; ignore him; tie him up; drive a stake
through his heart.  If he doesn't want the holly stake, he's free to resist,
in whatever way he wants.  It goes on and on, choices, choices."
	"When you look at it that way..."
	"Listen," he said, "it's important.  We are all.  Free.  To do.
Whatever.  We want.  To do."
		-- Richard Bach, "Illusions"
Rincewind looked down at him and grinned slowly.  It was a wide, manic, and
utterly humourless rictus.  It was the sort of grin that is normally
accompanied by small riverside birds wandering in and out, picking scraps
out of the teeth.
		-- Terry Pratchett, "The Lure of the Wyrm"
Rudeness is a weak man's imitation of strength.
Saints should always be judged guilty until they are proved innocent.
		-- George Orwell, "Reflections on Gandhi"
Sanity and insanity overlap a fine grey line.
Sanity is the trademark of a weak mind.
		-- Mark Harrold
Say no, then negotiate.
		-- Helga
Say something you'll be sorry for, I love receiving apologies.
Scenery is here, wish you were beautiful.
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Screw up your courage!  You've screwed up everything else.
"See - the thing is - I'm an absolutist.  I mean, kind of ... in a way ..."
Sentimentality -- that's what we call the sentiment we don't share.
		-- Graham Greene
Serenity through viciousness.
Shall we make a new rule of life from tonight: always to try to be a
little kinder than is necessary?
		-- J. M. Barrie
Shame is an improper emotion invented by pietists to oppress the human race.
		-- Robert Preston, Toddy, "Victor/Victoria"
She often gave herself very good advice (though she very seldom followed it).
		-- Lewis Carroll
Short people get rained on last.
Show your affection, which will probably meet with pleasant response.
Sin boldly.
		-- Martin Luther
Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.
Sin lies only in hurting other people unnecessarily.  All other "sins" are
invented nonsense.  (Hurting yourself is not sinful -- just stupid).
		-- Lazarus Long
Since we have to speak well of the dead, let's knock them while they're alive.
		-- John Sloan
Since we're all here, we must not be all there.
		-- Bob "Mountain" Beck
Sinners can repent, but stupid is forever.
So far as we are human, what we do must be either evil or good: so far
as we do evil or good, we are human: and it is better, in a paradoxical
way, to do evil than to do nothing: at least we exist.
		-- T. S. Eliot, essay on Baudelaire
So live that you wouldn't be ashamed to sell the family parrot to the
town gossip.
Some don't prefer the pursuit of happiness to the happiness of pursuit.
Some men are born mediocre, some men achieve mediocrity, and some men
have mediocrity thrust upon them.
		-- Joseph Heller, "Catch-22"
Some men are discovered; others are found out.
Some men love truth so much that they seem to be in continual fear
lest she should catch a cold on overexposure.
		-- Samuel Butler
Some of the things that live the longest in peoples' memories never
really happened.
Some people around here wouldn't recognize subtlety if it hit them on the head.
Some people cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go.
Some people have a way about them that seems to say: "If I have
only one life to live, let me live it as a jerk."
Some people have parts that are so private they themselves have no
knowledge of them.
Some people's mouths work faster than their brains.  They say things they
haven't even thought of yet.
Some rise by sin and some by virtue fall.
Someone will try to honk your nose today.
Something better...

 1 (obvious): Excuse me.  Is that your nose or did a bus park on your face?
 2 (meteorological): Everybody take cover.  She's going to blow.
 3 (fashionable): You know, you could de-emphasize your nose if you wore
	something larger.  Like ... Wyoming.
 4 (personal): Well, here we are.  Just the three of us.
 5 (punctual): Alright gentlemen.  Your nose was on time but you were fifteen
	minutes late.
 6 (envious): Oooo, I wish I were you.  Gosh.  To be able to smell your
	own ear.
 7 (naughty): Pardon me, Sir.  Some of the ladies have asked if you wouldn't
	mind putting that thing away.
 8 (philosophical): You know.  It's not the size of a nose that's important.
	It's what's in it that matters.
 9 (humorous): Laugh and the world laughs with you.  Sneeze and it's goodbye,
	Seattle.
10 (commercial): Hi, I'm Earl Schibe and I can paint that nose for $39.95.
11 (polite): Ah.  Would you mind not bobbing your head.  The orchestra keeps
	changing tempo.
12 (melodic): Everybody! "He's got the whole world in his nose."
		-- Steve Martin, "Roxanne"
Something better...

13 (sympathetic): Oh, What happened?  Did your parents lose a bet with God?
14 (complimentary): You must love the little birdies to give them this to
	perch on.
15 (scientific): Say, does that thing there influence the tides?
16 (obscure): Oh, I'd hate to see the grindstone.
17 (inquiry): When you stop to smell the flowers, are they afraid?
18 (french): Say, the pigs have refused to find any more truffles until you
	leave.
19 (pornographic): Finally, a man who can satisfy two women at once.
20 (religious): The Lord giveth and He just kept on giving, didn't He.
21 (disgusting): Say, who mows your nose hair?
22 (paranoid): Keep that guy away from my cocaine!
23 (aromatic): It must be wonderful to wake up in the morning and smell the
	coffee ... in Brazil.
24 (appreciative): Oooo, how original.  Most people just have their teeth
	capped.
25 (dirty): Your name wouldn't be Dick, would it?
		-- Steve Martin, "Roxanne"
Something unpleasant is coming when men are anxious to tell the truth.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli
Sometimes I get the feeling that I went to a party on Perry Lane in 1962, and
the party spilled out of the house, and came down the street, and covered the
world.
		-- Robert Stone
Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.
		-- Lily Tomlin
Sometimes when you look into his eyes you get the feeling that someone
else is driving.
		-- David Letterman
Speak softly and carry a +6 two-handed sword.
Speak softly and own a big, mean Doberman.
		-- Dave Millman
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.
		-- W. C. Fields
Start the day with a smile.  After that you can be your nasty old self again.
Stay together, drag each other down.
Still looking for the glorious results of my misspent youth.  Say, do you
have a map to the next joint?
Stupidity got us into this mess -- why can't it get us out?
Stupidity is its own reward.
Style may not be the answer, but at least it's a workable alternative.
Subtlety is the art of saying what you think and getting out of the way
before it is understood.
Success is a journey, not a destination.
Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get.
Success is in the minds of Fools.
		-- William Wrenshaw, 1578
Success is relative: It is what we can make of the mess we have made of things.
		-- T. S. Eliot, "The Family Reunion"
Succumb to natural tendencies.  Be hateful and boring.
Such a fine first dream!
But they laughed at me; they said
I had made it up.
Suicide is simply a case of mistaken identity.
Suicide is the sincerest form of self-criticism.
		-- Donald Kaul
Support your local Search and Rescue unit -- get lost.
Sure he's sharp as a razor ... he's a two-dimensional pinhead!
Surly to bed, surly to rise, makes you about average.
Tact in audacity is knowing how far you can go without going too far.
		-- Jean Cocteau
Tact is the ability to tell a man he has an open mind when he has a
hole in his head.
Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.
Take a lesson from the whale; the only time he gets speared is when he
raises to spout.
Talk is cheap because supply always exceeds demand.
Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish.
		-- Euripides
Talking much about oneself can also be a means to conceal oneself.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche
Tart words make no friends; a spoonful of honey will catch more flies than
a gallon of vinegar.
		-- B. Franklin
Tell a man there are 300 billion stars in the universe and he'll believe you.
Tell him a bench has wet paint on it and he'll have to touch to be sure.
Tell me what to think!!!
Telling the truth to people who misunderstand you is generally promoting
a falsehood, isn't it?
		-- A. Hope
"That boy's about as sharp as a pound of wet liver"
		-- Foghorn Leghorn
That must be wonderful: I don't understand it at all.
		-- Moliere
That which is not good for the swarm, neither is it good for the bee.
That's always the way when you discover something new; everyone thinks
you're crazy.
		-- Evelyn E. Smith
The adjuration to be "normal" seems shockingly repellent to me; I see neither
hope nor comfort in sinking to that low level.  I think it is ignorance that
makes people think of abnormality only with horror and allows them to remain
undismayed at the proximity of "normal" to average and mediocre.  For surely
anyone who achieves anything is, essentially, abnormal.
		-- Dr. Karl Menninger, "The Human Mind", 1930
The aim of a joke is not to degrade the human being but to remind him that
he is already degraded.
		-- George Orwell
The angry man always thinks he can do more than he can.
		-- Albertano of Brescia
The average nutritional value of promises is roughly zero.
The average, healthy, well-adjusted adult gets up at seven-thirty in
the morning feeling just terrible.
		-- Jean Kerr
The best laid plans of mice and men are usually about equal.
		-- Blair
The best portion of a good man's life, his little, nameless, unremembered acts
of kindness and love.
		-- Wordsworth
The best that we can do is to be kindly and helpful toward our friends and
fellow passengers who are clinging to the same speck of dirt while we are
drifting side by side to our common doom.
		-- Clarence Darrow
The best thing about growing older is that it takes such a long time.
The best way to get rid of worries is to let them die of neglect.
The best way to keep your friends is not to give them away.
The bigger they are, the harder they hit.
The biggest problem with communication is the illusion that it has occurred.
The bland leadeth the bland and they both shall fall into the kitsch.
The brotherhood of man is not a mere poet's dream; it is a most depressing
and humiliating reality.
		-- Oscar Wilde
The correct way to punctuate a sentence that starts: "Of course it is none
of my business, but --" is to place a period after the word "but."  Don't use
excessive force in supplying such a moron with a period.  Cutting his throat
is only a momentary pleasure and is bound to get you talked about.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough for Love"
The difference between a good haircut and a bad one is seven days.
The difference between common-sense and paranoia is that common-sense is
thinking everyone is out to get you.  That's normal -- they are.  Paranoia
is thinking that they're conspiring.
		-- J. Kegler
The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits.
The difference between sentiment and being sentimental is the following:
Sentiment is when a driver swerves out of the way to avoid hitting a
rabbit on the road.  Being sentimental is when the same driver, when
swerving away from the rabbit hits a pedestrian.
		-- Frank Herbert, "The White Plague"
The discerning person is always at a disadvantage.
The distinction between true and false appears to become increasingly
blurred by... the pollution of the language.
		-- Arne Tiselius
The end of the human race will be that it will eventually die of civilization.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
The forest is safe because a lion lives therein and the lion is safe because
it lives in a forest.  Likewise the friendship of persons rests on mutual help.
		-- Laukikanyay.
The full potentialities of human fury cannot be reached until a friend
of both parties tactfully interferes.
		-- G. K. Chesterton
The Golden Rule is of no use to you whatever unless you realize it
is your move.
		-- Frank Crane
The great merit of society is to make one appreciate solitude.
		-- Charles Chincholles, "Reflections on the Art of Life"
The great secret in life ... [is] not to open your letters for a fortnight.
At the expiration of that period you will find that nearly all of them have
answered themselves.
		-- Arthur Binstead
The greatest of faults is to be conscious of none.
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
The hardest thing is to disguise your feelings when you put a lot of
relatives on the train for home.
The hatred of relatives is the most violent.
		-- Tacitus (c.55 - c.117)
... the heat come 'round and busted me for smiling on a cloudy day.
The help people need most urgently is help in admitting that they need help.
The heroic hours of life do not announce their presence by drum and trumpet,
challenging us to be true to ourselves by appeals to the martial spirit that
keeps the blood at heat.  Some little, unassuming, unobtrusive choice presents
itself before us slyly and craftily, glib and insinuating, in the modest garb
of innocence.  To yield to its blandishments is so easy.  The wrong, it seems,
is venial...  Then it is that you will be summoned to show the courage of
adventurous youth.
		-- Benjamin Cardozo
The human mind treats a new idea the way the body treats a strange
protein -- it rejects it.
		-- P. Medawar
The human race never solves any of its problems.  It merely outlives them.
		-- David Gerrold
The idle mind knows not what it is it wants.
		-- Quintus Ennius
The important thing is not to stop questioning.
The kind of danger people most enjoy is the kind they can watch from
a safe place.
The knowledge that makes us cherish innocence makes innocence unattainable.
		-- Irving Howe
The last time I saw him he was walking down Lover's Lane holding his own hand.
		-- Fred Allen
The Least Successful Defrosting Device
	The all-time record here is held by Mr. Peter Rowlands of Lancaster
whose lips became frozen to his lock in 1979 while blowing warm air on it.
	"I got down on my knees to breathe into the lock.  Somehow my lips
got stuck fast."
	While he was in the posture, an old lady passed an inquired if he
was all right.  "Alra?  Igmmlptk", he replied at which point she ran away.
	"I tried to tell her what had happened, but it came out sort of...
muffled," explained Mr. Rowlands, a pottery designer.
	He was trapped for twenty minutes ("I felt a bit foolish") until
constant hot breathing brought freedom.  He was subsequently nicknamed "Hot
Lips".
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
The Lord prefers common-looking people.  That is the reason that He makes
so many of them.
		-- Abraham Lincoln
The louder he talked of his honour, the faster we counted our spoons.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
The major advances in civilization are processes that all but wreck the
societies in which they occur.
		-- A. N. Whitehead
The man who raises a fist has run out of ideas.
		-- H. G. Wells, "Time After Time"
The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two
chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed.
		-- Carl Jung
The minute a man is convinced that he is interesting, he isn't.
The mirror sees the man as beautiful, the mirror loves the man; another
mirror sees the man as frightful and hates him; and it is always the same
being who produces the impressions.
		-- Marquis D. A. F. de Sade
The more I know men the more I like my horse.
The more I see of men the more I admire dogs.
		-- Mme De Sevigne, 1626-1696
The more we disagree, the more chance there is that at least one of us is right.
The most disagreeable thing that your worst enemy says to your face does
not approach what your best friends say behind your back.
		-- Alfred De Musset
The most hopelessly stupid man is he who is not aware that he is wise.
The nice thing about egotists is that they don't talk about other people.
		-- Lucille S. Harper
The odds are a million to one against your being one in a million.
The older a man gets, the farther he had to walk to school as a boy.
The older I grow, the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age
brings wisdom.
		-- H. L. Mencken
The only difference between the saint and the sinner is that every saint
has a past and every sinner has a future.
		-- Oscar Wilde
The only really decent thing to do behind a person's back is pat it.
The only rose without thorns is friendship.
The only thing to do with good advice is pass it on.  It is never any
use to oneself.
		-- Oscar Wilde
The only two things that motivate me and that matter to me are revenge
and guilt.
		-- Elvis Costello
The only way to amuse some people is to slip and fall on an icy pavement.
The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it.
		-- Oscar Wilde
The opposite of talking isn't listening.  The opposite of talking is waiting.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"
The part of the world that people find most puzzling is the part called "Me".
The people sensible enough to give good advice are usually sensible
enough to give none.
The perfect friend sees the best in you -- sees it constantly -- not just
when you occasionally are that way, but also when you waver, when you
forget yourself, act like less than you are. In time, you become more
like his vision of you -- which is the person you have always wanted to be.
		-- Nancy Friday
The point is, you see, that there is no point in driving yourself mad
trying to stop yourself going mad.  You might just as well give in and
save your sanity for later.
... the privileged being which we call human is distinguished from
other animals only by certain double-edged manifestations which in
charity we can only call "inhuman."
		-- R. A. Lafferty
The probability of someone watching you is proportional to the
stupidity of your action.
The problem with people who have no vices is that generally you can
be pretty sure they're going to have some pretty annoying virtues.
		-- Elizabeth Taylor
The propriety of some persons seems to consist in having improper
thoughts about their neighbours.
		-- F. H. Bradley
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one
persists in trying to adapt the world to himself.  Therefore all progress
depends on the unreasonable man.
		-- George Bernard Shaw
The right half of the brain controls the left half of the body.  This
means that only left handed people are in their right mind.
"The Schizophrenic: An Unauthorized Autobiography"
The second best policy is dishonesty.
The secret of happiness is total disregard of everybody.
The shifts of Fortune test the reliability of friends.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero
The strong give up and move away, while the weak give up and stay.
The strong individual loves the earth so much he lusts for recurrence.  He
can smile in the face of the most terrible thought: meaningless, aimless
existence recurring eternally.  The second characteristic of such a man is
that he has the strength to recognise -- and to live with the recognition --
that the world is valueless in itself and that all values are human ones.
He creates himself by fashoning his own values; he has the pride to live
by the values he wills.
		-- Nietzsche
The sudden sight of me causes panic in the streets. They have yet to learn
-- only the savage fears what he does not understand.
		-- The Silver Surfer
The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher
esteem those who think alike than those who think differently.
		-- Nietzsche
The things that interest people most are usually none of their business.
The three questions of greatest concern are -- 1. Is it attractive?
2. Is it amusing?  3. Does it know its place?
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Metropolitan Life"
The trouble with telling a good story is that it invariably reminds
the other fellow of a dull one.
		-- Sid Caesar
The truth about a man lies first and foremost in what he hides.
		-- Andre Malraux
The very remembrance of my former misfortune proves a new one to me.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes
The way of the world is to praise dead saints and prosecute live ones.
		-- Nathaniel Howe
The way some people find fault, you'd think there was some kind of reward.
The way to a man's heart is through the left ventricle.
The wise man seeks everything in himself; the ignorant man tries to get
everything from somebody else.
The wise shepherd never trusts his flock to a smiling wolf.
The wonderful thing about a dancing bear is not how well he dances,
but that he dances at all.
The world is full of people who have never, since childhood, met an
open doorway with an open mind.
		-- E. B. White
The world needs more people like us and fewer like them.
The worst cliques are those which consist of one man.
		-- G. B. Shaw
The worst is not so long as we can say "This is the worst."
		-- King Lear
The worst part of having success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.
		-- Bette Midler
The worst sin towards our fellow creatures is not to hate them,
but to be indifferent to them; that's the essence of inhumanity.
		-- G. B. Shaw
The worst thing about some men is that when they are not drunk they are sober.
		-- William Butler Yeats
The worst thing one can do is not to try, to be aware of what one wants and
not give in to it, to spend years in silent hurt wondering if something could
have materialized -- and never knowing.
		-- David Viscott
	Then there's the story of the man who avoided reality for 70 years
with drugs, sex, alcohol, fantasy, TV, movies, records, a hobby, lots of
sleep...  And on his 80th birthday died without ever having faced any of
his real problems.
	The man's younger brother, who had been facing reality and all his
problems for 50 years with psychiatrists, nervous breakdowns, tics, tension,
headaches, worry, anxiety and ulcers, was so angry at his brother for having
gotten away scott free that he had a paralyzing stroke.
	The moral to this story is that there ain't no justice that we can
stand to live with.
		-- R. Geis
There are few people more often in the wrong than those who cannot endure
to be thought so.
There are many people today who literally do not have a close personal
friend.  They may know something that we don't.  They are probably
avoiding a great deal of pain.
There are more dead people than living, and their numbers are increasing.
		-- Eugene Ionesco
There are no emotional victims, only volunteers.
There are no great men, buster.  There are only men.
		-- Elaine Stewart, "The Bad and the Beautiful"
There are no great men, only great challenges that ordinary men are forced
by circumstances to meet.
		-- Admiral William Halsey
There are only two kinds of men -- the dead and the deadly.
		-- Helen Rowland
There are people so addicted to exaggeration that they can't tell the
truth without lying.
		-- Josh Billings
There are two types of people in this world, good and bad.  The good
sleep better, but the bad seem to enjoy the waking hours much more.
		-- Woody Allen
There comes a time to stop being angry.
		-- A Small Circle of Friends
There is a certain frame of mind to which a cemetery is, if not an antidote,
at least an alleviation.  If you are in a fit of the blues, go nowhere else.
		-- Robert Louis Stevenson: Immortelles
There is an innocence in admiration; it is found in those to whom it
has not yet occurred that they, too, might be admired some day.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche
There is brutality and there is honesty.  There is no such thing as brutal
honesty.
There is no delight the equal of dread.  As long as it is somebody else's.
		-- Clive Barker
There is no sadder sight than a young pessimist.
There is no statute of limitations on stupidity.
There is no substitute for good manners, except, perhaps, fast reflexes.
There is no such thing as inner peace.  There is only nervousness or death.
Any attempt to prove otherwise constitutes unacceptable behaviour.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Metropolitan Life"
There is nothing more silly than a silly laugh.
		-- Gaius Valerius Catullus
There is nothing stranger in a strange land than the stranger who comes
to visit.
There is only one word for aid that is genuinely without strings,
and that word is blackmail.
		-- Colm Brogan
There may be said to be two classes of people in the world; those who constantly
divide the people of the world into two classes and those who do not.
		-- Robert Benchley
There's a fine line between courage and foolishness.  Too bad it's not a fence.
There's a lot to be said for not saying a lot.
There's no saint like a reformed sinner.
There's no such thing as pure pleasure; some anxiety always goes with it.
Therefore it is necessary to learn how not to be good, and to use
this knowledge and not use it, according to the necessity of the cause.
		-- Machiavelli
They also serve who only stand and wait.
		-- John Milton
They are ill discoverers that think there is no land, when they can see
nothing but sea.
		-- Francis Bacon
"They told me I was gullible ... and I believed them!"
They're only trying to make me LOOK paranoid!
"They're unfriendly, which is fortunate, really.  They'd be difficult to like."
		-- Avon
Thinking you know something is a sure way to blind yourself.
		-- Frank Herbert, "Chapterhouse: Dune"
This generation doesn't have emotional baggage.  We have emotional moving vans.
		-- Bruce Feirstein
This sad little lizard told me that he was a brontosaurus on his mother's
side.  I did not laugh; people who boast of ancestry often have little
else to sustain them.  Humoring them costs nothing and adds happiness in
a world in which happiness is always in short supply.
		-- Lazarus Long
Those of you who think you know everything are annoying those of us who do.
Those who are mentally and emotionally healthy are those who have
learned when to say yes, when to say no and when to say whoopee.
		-- W. S. Krabill
Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
		-- George Santayana
Those who don't know, talk.  Those who don't talk, know.
Those who in quarrels interpose, must often wipe a bloody nose.
To any truly impartial person, it would be obvious that I am always right.
To be great is to be misunderstood.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
To be is to be related.
		-- C. J. Keyser.
To be trusted is a greater compliment than to be loved.
To be who one is, is not to be someone else.
To be wise, the only thing you really need to know is when to say
"I don't know."
To believe your own thought, to believe that what is true for
you in your private heart is true for all men -- that is genius.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
To criticize the incompetent is easy; it is more difficult to criticize
the competent.
To doubt everything or to believe everything are two equally convenient
solutions; both dispense with the necessity of reflection.
		-- H. Poincar'e
To find a friend one must close one eye; to keep him -- two.
		-- Norman Douglas
To keep your friends treat them kindly; to kill them, treat them often.
To laugh at men of sense is the privilege of fools.
To make an enemy, do someone a favor.
To refuse praise is to seek praise twice.
To stay young requires unceasing cultivation of the ability to unlearn
old falsehoods.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough For Love"
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what
he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.
Too clever is dumb.
		-- Ogden Nash
Troglodytism does not necessarily imply a low cultural level.
Truly great madness can not be achieved without significant intelligence.
		-- Henrik Tikkanen
Try to be the best of whatever you are, even if what you are is no good.
Try to divide your time evenly to keep others happy.
Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth.
		-- Alan Watts
Uh-oh -- I've let the cat out of the bag.  Let me, then, straightforwardly
state the thesis I shall now elaborate: Making variations on a theme is
really the crux of creativity.
		-- Douglas R. Hofstadter, "Metamagical Themas"
Unless you love someone, nothing else makes any sense.
		-- e.e. cummings
Vila: "I think I have just made the biggest mistake of my life."

Orac: "It is unlikely.  I would predict there are far greater mistakes
      waiting to be made by someone with your obvious talent for it."
Violence stinks, no matter which end of it you're on.  But now and then
there's nothing left to do but hit the other person over the head with a
frying pan.  Sometimes people are just begging for that frypan, and if we
weaken for a moment and honor their request, we should regard it as
impulsive philanthropy, which we aren't in any position to afford, but
shouldn't regret it too loudly lest we spoil the purity of the deed.
		-- Tom Robbins
Virtue does not always demand a heavy sacrifice -- only the willingness
to make it when necessary.
		-- Frederick Dunn
Virtue is its own punishment.
		-- Denniston

Righteous people terrify me ... virtue is its own punishment.
		-- Aneurin Bevan
Virtue is not left to stand alone.  He who practices it will have neighbors.
		-- Confucius
Virtue would go far if vanity did not keep it company.
		-- La Rochefoucauld
Visits always give pleasure: if not on arrival, then on the departure.
		-- Edouard Le Berquier, "Pensees des Autres"
Waking a person unnecessarily should not be considered a capital crime.
For a first offense, that is.
Walk softly and carry a BFG-9000.
Walk softly and carry a big stick.
		-- Theodore Roosevelt
Walk softly and carry a megawatt laser.
We all dream of being the darling of everybody's darling.
We all know that no one understands anything that isn't funny.
We all live under the same sky, but we don't all have the same horizon.
		-- Dr. Konrad Adenauer
We are all born mad.  Some remain so.
		-- Samuel Beckett
We are all dying -- and we're gonna be dead for a long time.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
		-- Oscar Wilde
We are all so much together and yet we are all dying of loneliness.
		-- A. Schweitzer
We are anthill men upon an anthill world.
		-- Ray Bradbury
We ARE as gods and might as well get good at it.
		-- Whole Earth Catalog
We are each only one drop in a great ocean -- but some of the drops sparkle!
We are not loved by our friends for what we are; rather, we are loved in
spite of what we are.
		-- Victor Hugo
We are so fond of each other because our ailments are the same.
		-- Jonathan Swift
We are stronger than our skin of flesh and metal, for we carry and share a
spectrum of suns and lands that lends us legends as we craft our immortality
and interweave our destinies of water and air, leaving shadows that gather
color of their own, until they outshine the substance that cast them.
We give advice, but we cannot give the wisdom to profit by it.
		-- La Rochefoucauld
We have more to fear from the bungling of the incompetent than from the
machinations of the wicked.
We lie loudest when we lie to ourselves.
		-- Eric Hoffer
We may not return the affection of those who like us, but we always respect
their good judgement.
We only acknowledge small faults in order to make it appear that we are
free from great ones.
		-- La Rochefoucauld
We prefer to believe that the absence of inverted commas guarantees the
originality of a thought, whereas it may be merely that the utterer has
forgotten its source.
		-- Clifton Fadiman, "Any Number Can Play"
We prefer to speak evil of ourselves rather than not speak of ourselves at all.
We promise according to our hopes, and perform according to our fears.
We read to say that we have read.
We really don't have any enemies.  It's just that some of our best
friends are trying to kill us.
We secure our friends not by accepting favors but by doing them.
		-- Thucydides
We seldom repent talking too little, but very often talking too much.
		-- Jean de la Bruyere
We thrive on euphemism.  We call multi-megaton bombs "Peace-keepers", closet
size apartments "efficient" and incomprehensible artworks "innovative".  In
fact, "euphemism" has become a euphemism for "bald-faced lie".  And now, here
are the euphemisms so colorfully employed in Personal Ads:

EUPHEMISM			REALITY
-------------------		-------------------------
Excited about life's journey	No concept of reality
Spiritually evolved		Oversensitive
Moody				Manic-depressive
Soulful				Quiet manic-depressive
Poet				Boring manic-depressive
Sultry/Sensual			Easy
Uninhibited			Lacking basic social skills
Unaffected and earthy		Slob and lacking basic social skills
Irreverent			Nasty and lacking basic social skills
Very human			Quasimodo's best friend
Swarthy				Sweaty even when cold or standing still
Spontaneous/Eclectic		Scatterbrained
Flexible			Desperate
Aging child			Self-centered adult
Youthful			Over 40 and trying to deny it
Good sense of humor		Watches a lot of television
Well, I'm disenchanted too.  We're all disenchanted.
		-- James Thurber
Were it not for the presence of the unwashed and the half-educated, the
formless, queer and incomplete, the unreasonable and absurd, the infinite
shapes of the delightful human tadpole, the horizon would not wear so wide
a grin.
		-- F. M. Colby, "Imaginary Obligations"
What do I consider a reasonable person to be?  I'd say a reasonable person
is one who accepts that we are all human and therefore fallible, and takes
that into account when dealing with others.  Implicit in this definition is
the belief that it is the right and the responsibility of each person to
live his or her own life as he or she sees fit, to respect this right in
others, and to demand the assumption of this responsibility by others.
What good is it if you talk in flowers, and they think in pastry?
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant
	What is involved in such [close] relationships is a form of emotional
chemistry, so far unexplained by any school of psychiatry I am aware of, that
conditions nothing so simple as a choice between the poles of attraction and
repulsion.  You can meet some people thirty, forty times down the years, and
they remain amiable bystanders, like the shore lights of towns that a sailor
passes at stated times but never calls at on the regular run.  Conversely,
all considerations of sex aside, you can meet some other people once or twice
and they remain permanent influences on your life.
	Everyone is aware of this discrepancy between the acquaintance seen
as familiar wallpaper or instant friend.  The chemical action it entails is
less worth analyzing than enjoying.  At any rate, these six pieces are about
men with whom I felt an immediate sympat - to use a coining of Max Beerbohm's
more satisfactory to me than the opaque vogue word "empathy".
		-- Alistair Cooke, "Six Men"
What is tolerance? -- it is the consequence of humanity.  We are all formed
of frailty and error; let us pardon reciprocally each other's folly -- that
is the first law of nature.
		-- Voltaire
What makes us so bitter against people who outwit us is that they think
themselves cleverer than we are.
What on earth would a man do with himself if something did not stand in his way?
		-- H. G. Wells
What upsets me is not that you lied to me, but that from now on I can no
longer believe you.
		-- Nietzsche
What we see depends on mainly what we look for.
		-- John Lubbock
What you see is from outside yourself, and may come, or not, but is beyond
your control.  But your fear is yours, and yours alone, like your voice, or
your fingers, or your memory, and therefore yours to control.  If you feel
powerless over your fear, you have not yet admitted that it is yours, to do
with as you will.
		-- Marion Zimmer Bradley, "Stormqueen"
What's the matter with the world?  Why, there ain't but one thing wrong
with every one of us -- and that's "selfishness."
		-- The Best of Will Rogers
What's this stuff about people being "released on their own recognizance"?
Aren't we all out on our own recognizance?
What, after all, is a halo?  It's only one more thing to keep clean.
		-- Christopher Fry
Whatever you may be sure of, be sure of this: that you are dreadfully like
other people.
		-- James Russell Lowell, "My Study Windows"
Whatever you want to do, you have to do something else first.
When a man knows he is to be hanged in a fortnight, it concentrates his
mind wonderfully.
		-- Samuel Johnson
When a man you like switches from what he said a year ago, or four years
ago, he is a broad-minded man who has courage enough to change his mind
with changing conditions.  When a man you don't like does it, he is a
liar who has broken his promises.
		-- Franklin Adams
When all other means of communication fail, try words.
When among apes, one must play the ape.
When God endowed human beings with brains, He did not intend to guarantee them.
When in doubt, do it.  It's much easier to apologize than to get permission.
		-- Grace Murray Hopper
When it comes to helping you, some people stop at nothing.
When people say nothing, they don't necessarily mean nothing.
When there are two conflicting versions of the story, the wise course
is to believe the one in which people appear at their worst.
		-- H. Allen Smith, "Let the Crabgrass Grow"
When you dig another out of trouble, you've got a place to bury your own.
When you jump for joy, beware that no-one moves the ground from beneath
your feet.
		-- Stanislaw Jerzy Lec, "Unkempt Thoughts"
When you speak to others for their own good it's advice;
when they speak to you for your own good it's interference.
When you try to make an impression, the chances are that is the
impression you will make.
WHENEVER ANYBODY SAYS he's struggling to become a human being I have to
laugh because the apes beat him to it by about a million years.  Struggle
to become a parrot or something.
		-- Jack Handey, The New Mexican, 1988.
Whenever I feel like exercise, I lie down until the feeling passes.
Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Whenever someone tells you to take their advice, you can be pretty sure
that they're not using it.
... whether it is better to spend a life not knowing what you want or to
spend a life knowing exactly what you want and that you will never have it.
		-- Richard Shelton
While anyone can admit to themselves they were wrong, the true test is
admission to someone else.
While having never invented a sin, I'm trying to perfect several.
While most peoples' opinions change, the conviction of their
correctness never does.
While we are sleeping, two-thirds of the world is plotting to do us in.
		-- Dean Rusk
While you don't greatly need the outside world, it's still very
reassuring to know that it's still there.
While your friend holds you affectionately by both your hands you are
safe, for you can watch both of his.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not
become a monster.  And when you look into an abyss, the abyss also looks
into you.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche
Whoever would lie usefully should lie seldom.
Why be difficult when, with a bit of effort, you could be impossible?
Why did the Lord give us so much quickness of movement unless it was to
avoid responsibility with?
Why my thoughts are my own, when they are in, but when they are out they
are another's.
		-- Susanna Martin, executed for witchcraft, 1681
Why was I born with such contemporaries?
		-- Oscar Wilde
Why, every one as they like; as the good woman said when she kissed her cow.
		-- Rabelais
Will your long-winded speeches never end?
What ails you that you keep on arguing?
		-- Job 16:3
Winter is the season in which people try to keep the house as warm as
it was in the summer, when they complained about the heat.
With a gentleman I try to be a gentleman and a half, and with a fraud I
try to be a fraud and a half.
		-- Otto von Bismark
With clothes the new are best, with friends the old are best.
Words must be weighed, not counted.
Worrying is like rocking in a rocking chair -- It gives you something to do,
but it doesn't get you anywhere.
Write a wise saying and your name will live forever.
		-- Anonymous
Ye've also got to remember that ... respectable people do the most astonishin'
things to preserve their respectability.  Thank God I'm not respectable.
		-- Ruthven Campbell Todd
Yes, but every time I try to see things your way, I get a headache.
Yield to Temptation ... it may not pass your way again.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough for Love"
You ain't learning nothing when you're talking.
You are a wish to be here wishing yourself.
		-- Philip Whalen
You are absolute plate-glass. I see to the very back of your mind.
		-- Sherlock Holmes
You are not a fool just because you have done something foolish --
only if the folly of it escapes you.
You can always tell luck from ability by its duration.
You can always tell the people that are forging the new frontier.
They're the ones with arrows sticking out of their backs.
You can bear anything if it isn't your own fault.
		-- Katharine Fullerton Gerould
You can destroy your now by worrying about tomorrow.
		-- Janis Joplin
You can't carve your way to success without cutting remarks.
You can't cheat an honest man.  Never give a sucker an even break or
smarten up a chump.
		-- W. C. Fields
You can't cross a large chasm in two small jumps.
You can't erase a dream, you can only wake me up.
		-- Peter Frampton
You can't have your cake and let your neighbor eat it too.
		-- Ayn Rand
You can't hold a man down without staying down with him.
		-- Booker T. Washington
You can't learn too soon that the most useful thing about a principle
is that it can always be sacrificed to expediency.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham, "The Circle"
You can't play your friends like marks, kid.
		-- Henry Gondorf, "The Sting"
You can't start worrying about what's going to happen.  You get spastic
enough worrying about what's happening now.
		-- Lauren Bacall
"You can't teach people to be lazy - either they have it, or they don't."
		-- Dagwood Bumstead
You cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd.
You cannot kill time without injuring eternity.
You cannot propel yourself forward by patting yourself on the back.
You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
		-- Indira Gandhi
You cannot use your friends and have them too.
You could get a new lease on life -- if only you didn't need the first
and last month in advance.
You don't have to be nice to people on the way up if you're not planning on
coming back down.
		-- Oliver Warbucks, "Annie"
You don't have to explain something you never said.
		-- Calvin Coolidge
You give me space to belong to myself yet without separating me
from your own life.  May it all turn out to your happiness.
		-- Goethe
You got to be very careful if you don't know where you're going,
because you might not get there.
		-- Yogi Berra
You have not converted a man because you have silenced him.
		-- John Viscount Morley
You humans are all alike.
You just wait, I'll sin till I blow up!
		-- Dylan Thomas
You know how to win a victory, Hannibal, but not how to use it.
		-- Maharbal
You know it's going to be a bad day when you want to put on the clothes
you wore home from the party and there aren't any.
You know it's going to be a long day when you get up, shave and shower,
start to get dressed and your shoes are still warm.
		-- Dean Webber
You know it's Monday when you wake up and it's Tuesday.
		-- Garfield
You know what they say -- the sweetest word in the English language is revenge.
		-- Peter Beard
You know you are getting old when you think you should drive the speed limit.
		-- E. A. Gilliam
You know you're in trouble when...
(1)	You wake up face down on the pavement.
(2)	Your wife wakes up feeling amorous and you have a headache.
(3)	You turn on the news and they're showing emergency routes
		out of the city.
(4)	Your twin sister forgot your birthday.
(5)	You wake up and discover your waterbed broke and then
		remember that you don't have a waterbed.
(6)	Your doctor tells you you're allergic to chocolate.
You know you're in trouble when...
(1)	You've been at work for an hour before you notice that your
		skirt is caught in your pantyhose.
		Especially if you're a man.
(2)	Your blind date turns out to be your ex-wife.
(3)	Your income tax check bounces.
(4)	You put both contact lenses in the same eye.
(5)	Your wife says, "Good morning, Bill" and your name is George.
(6)	You wake up to the soothing sound of flowing water... the day
		after you bought a waterbed.
(7)	You go on your honeymoon to a remote little hotel and the desk
		clerk, bell hop, and manager have a "Welcome Back" party
		for your spouse.
You know you're in trouble when...
(1)	Your car horn goes off accidentally and remains stuck as you
		follow a group of Hell's Angels on the freeway.
(2)	You want to put on the clothes you wore home from the party
		and there aren't any.
(3)	Your boss tells you not to bother to take off your coat.
(4)	The bird singing outside your window is a buzzard.
(5)	You wake up and your braces are locked together.
(6)	Your mother approves of the person you're dating.
You know you're in trouble when...
(1)	Your only son tells you he wishes Anita Bryant would mind
		her own business.
(2)	You put your bra on backwards and it fits better.
(3)	You call Suicide Prevention and they put you on hold.
(4)	You see a `60 Minutes' news team waiting in your office.
(5)	Your birthday cake collapses from the weight of the candles.
(6)	Your 4-year old reveals that it's "almost impossible" to
		flush a grapefruit down the toilet.
(7)	You realize that you've memorized the back of the cereal box.
You know your apartment is small...
	when you can't know its position and velocity at the same time.
	you put your key in the lock and it breaks the window.
	you have to go outside to change your mind.
	you can vacuum the entire place using a single electrical outlet.
You may be sure that when a man begins to call himself a "realist," he
is preparing to do something he is secretly ashamed of doing.
		-- Sydney Harris
You may easily play a joke on a man who likes to argue -- agree with him.
		-- Ed Howe
You men out there probably think you already know how to dress for success.
You know, for example, that you should not wear leisure suits or white
plastic belts and shoes, unless you are going to a costume party disguised
as a pig farmer vacationing at Disney World.
		-- Dave Barry, "How to Dress for Real Success"
You must know that a man can have only one invulnerable loyalty, loyalty
to his own concept of the obligations of manhood.  All other loyalties
are merely deputies of that one.
		-- Nero Wolfe
You never gain something but that you lose something.
		-- Thoreau
You never get a second chance to make a first impression.
You never go anywhere without your soul.
You never know what is enough until you know what is more than enough.
		-- William Blake
You never learn anything by doing it right.
You probably wouldn't worry about what people think of you if you could
know how seldom they do.
		-- Olin Miller.
	"You say there are two types of people?"
	"Yes, those who separate people into two groups and those that don't."
	"Wrong.  There are three groups:
		Those who separate people into three groups.
		Those who don't separate people into groups.
		Those who can't decide."
	"Wait a minute, what about people who separate people into two groups?"
	"Oh.  Okay, then there are four groups."
	"Aren't you then separating people into four groups?"
	"Yeah."
	"So then there's a fifth group, right?"
	"You know, the problem is these idiots who can't make up their minds."
You see things; and you say "Why?"
But I dream things that never were; and I say "Why not?"
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "Back to Methuselah"
		[No, it wasn't J. F. Kennedy.  Ed.]
You shall judge of a man by his foes as well as by his friends.
		-- Joseph Conrad
You should avoid hedging, at least that's what I think.
You should make a point of trying every experience once -- except
incest and folk-dancing.
		-- A. Bax, "Farewell My Youth"
You shouldn't wallow in self-pity.  But it's OK to put your feet in it
and swish them around a little.
		-- Guindon
You want to know why I kept getting promoted?  Because my mouth knows more
than my brain.
		-- W.G.
You won't skid if you stay in a rut.
		-- Frank Hubbard
You'd best be snoozin', 'cause you don't be gettin' no work done at 5 a.m.
anyway.
		-- From the wall of the Wurster Hall stairwell
You'd better smile when they watch you, smile like you're in control.
		-- Smile, "Was (Not Was)"
You're always thinking you're gonna be the one that makes 'em act different.
		-- Woody Allen, "Manhattan"
You're either part of the solution or part of the problem.
		-- Eldridge Cleaver
You're never too old to become younger.
		-- Mae West
You've always made the mistake of being yourself.
		-- Eugene Ionesco
You've been telling me to relax all the way here, and now you're telling
me just to be myself?
		-- The Return of the Secaucus Seven
Young men are fitter to invent than to judge; fitter for execution than for
counsel; and fitter for new projects than for settled business.  For the
experience of age, in things that fall within the compass of it, directeth
them; but in new things, abuseth them.  The errors of young men are the ruin
of business; but the errors of aged men amount but to this, that more might
have been done, or sooner.  Young men, in the conduct and management of
actions, embrace more than they can hold; stir more than they can quiet; fly
to the end, without consideration of the means and degrees; pursue some few
principles which they have chanced upon absurdly; care not how they innovate,
which draws unknown inconveniences; and, that which doubleth all errors, will
not acknowledge or retract them; like an unready horse, that will neither stop
nor turn.  Men of age object too much, consult too long, adventure too little,
repent too soon, and seldom drive business home to the full period, but
content themselves with a mediocrity of success.  Certainly, it is good to
compound employments of both ... because the virtues of either age may correct
the defects of both.
		-- Francis Bacon, "Essay on Youth and Age"
Young men think old men are fools; but old men know young men are fools.
		-- George Chapman
Young men, hear an old man to whom old men hearkened when he was young.
		-- Augustus Caesar
Your Co-worker Could Be a Space Alien, Say Experts
		...Here's How You Can Tell
Many Americans work side by side with space aliens who look human -- but you
can spot these visitors by looking for certain tip-offs, say experts. They
listed 10 signs to watch for:
    (3) Bizarre sense of humor.  Space aliens who don't understand
	earthly humor may laugh during a company training film or tell
	jokes that no one understands, said Steiger.
    (6) Misuses everyday items.  "A space alien may use correction
	fluid to paint its nails," said Steiger.
    (8) Secretive about personal life-style and home.  "An alien won't
	discuss details or talk about what it does at night or on weekends."
   (10) Displays a change of mood or physical reaction when near certain
	high-tech hardware.  "An alien may experience a mood change when
	a microwave oven is turned on," said Steiger.
The experts pointed out that a co-worker would have to display most if not
all of these traits before you can positively identify him as a space alien.
		-- National Enquirer, Michael Cassels, August, 1984.

	[I thought everybody laughed at company training films.  Ed.]
Your conscience never stops you from doing anything.  It just stops you
from enjoying it.
Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your
acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.
		-- Richard Bach, "Illusions"
Youth -- not a time of life but a state of mind... a predominance of
courage over timidity, of the appetite for adventure over the love of ease.
		-- Robert F. Kennedy
Youth is a blunder, manhood a struggle, old age a regret.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli, "Coningsby"
Youth is a disease from which we all recover.
		-- Dorothy Fuldheim
	Youth is not a time of life, it is a state of mind; it is a temper of
the will, a quality of the imagination, a vigor of the emotions, a predominance
of courage over timidity, of the appetite for adventure over love of ease.
	Nobody grows old by merely living a number of years; people grow
old only by deserting their ideals.  Years wrinkle the skin, but to give up
enthusiasm wrinkles the soul.  Worry, doubt, self-distrust, fear, and despair
-- these are the long, long years that bow the head and turn the growing spirit
back to dust.
	Whether seventy or sixteen, there is in every being's heart the love
of wonder, the sweet amazement at the stars and the starlike things and
thoughts, the undaunted challenge of events, the unfailing childlike appetite
for what next, and the joy and the game of life.
	You are as young as your faith, as old as your doubt; as young as your
self-confidence, as old as your fear, as young as your hope, as old as your
despair.
	So long as your heart receives messages of beauty, cheer, courage,
grandeur and power from the earth, from man, and from the Infinite, so long
you are young.
		-- Samuel Ullman
If you bring forth what is within you, what you bring forth will save
you.  If you do not bring forth what is within you, what you do not
bring forth will destroy you.
		-- Jesus, "Gnostic Gospels" (Elaine Pagel)
I am myself plus my circumstance, and if I do not save it, I cannot
save myself.
		-- Jos'e Ortega Y Gasset
If a man slept by day, he had little time to work.  That was a
satisfying notion to Escargot.
		-- "The Stone Giant", James P. Blaylock
He liked fishing a little too much, and he believed that work was
something a man did when he had to.  He had always been able to get
along well enough without it, especially for the last couple of
years.
		-- "The Stone Giant", James P. Blaylock
Would a giant, profit-oriented cartel lie to you?
		-- Top Ten List, Late Night with David Letterman
Some days you wake and immediately start worrying.  Nothing in
particular is wrong, it's just the suspicion that forces are aligning
quietly and there will be trouble.
		-- "Survival Series", Jenny Holzer
When you are in the middle of a story it isn't a story at all, but
only a confusion; a dark roaring, a blindness, a wreckage of shattered
glass and splintered wood, like a house in a whirlwind, or else a boat
crushed by the icebergs or swept over the rapids, and all aboard
powerless to stop it.  It's only afterwards that it becomes anything
like a story at all.  When you are telling it, to yourself or to
someone else.
		-- Margaret Atwood, "Alias Grace"
I am examining you on your fool ideas that no intelligent Christian
on earth believes.
		-- Clarence Darrow, to William Jennings Bryan
"Go on, girl!  You'll never get a better chance to buy Jif at this
price.  *Carpe diem*, babe!"
		-- "The Naked Consumer", Erik Larson
I'm enthralled by combine harvesters. In fact, I yearn to have one --
as a pet.
		-- "The Day of the Jackal"
The horizon of many people is a circle with a radius of zero. They call
this their point of view.
		-- Albert Einstein
The optimist thinks this is the best of all possible worlds.
The pessimist is afraid this might be true.
		-- crazyphilman's sig on kuro5hin
It's rare that you see an artist in his 30s or 40s able to really contribute
something amazing.
                -- Steve Jobs (1955-2011)
Do you want to spend the rest of your life selling sugared water or do you want
a chance to change the world?
                -- Steve Jobs (1955-2011)
It's more fun to be a pirate than to join the navy.
                -- Steve Jobs (1955-2011)
Being the richest man in the cemetery doesn't matter to me ... Going to bed at
night saying we've done something wonderful... that's what matters to me.
                -- Steve Jobs (1955-2011)
I would trade all of my technology for an afternoon with Socrates.
                -- Steve Jobs (1955-2011)
I have looked in the mirror every morning and asked myself: "If today were the
last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?" And
whenever the answer has been "No" for too many days in a row, I know I need to
change something.
                -- Steve Jobs (1955-2011)
Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever
encountered to help me make the big choices in life.
                -- Steve Jobs (1955-2011)
I'm the only person I know that's lost a quarter of a billion dollars in one
year.... It's very character-building
               -- Steve Jobs (1955-2011)
(1) Everything depends.
(2) Nothing is always.
(3) Everything is sometimes.
42
A beginning is the time for taking the most delicate care that balances are
correct.
		-- Princess Irulan, "Manual of Maud'Dib"
A bird in the bush usually has a friend in there with him.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
		-- Cervantes
A bird in the hand is worth what it will bring.
A bird in the hand makes it awfully hard to blow your nose.
	A boy spent years collecting postage stamps.  The girl next door bought
an album too, and started her own collection.  "Dad, she buys everything I've
bought, and it's taken all the fun out of it for me.  I'm quitting."  Don't,
son, remember, 'Imitation is the sincerest form of philately.'"
A certain amount of opposition is a help, not a hindrance. Kites rise
against the wind, not with it.
A chicken is an egg's way of producing more eggs.
A chronic disposition to inquiry deprives domestic felines of vital qualities.
A clever prophet makes sure of the event first.
A closed mouth gathers no foot.
A couch is as good as a chair.
A day without orange juice is like a day without orange juice.
A day without sunshine is like a day without Anita Bryant.
A day without sunshine is like a day without orange juice.
A day without sunshine is like night.
A dead man cannot bite.
		-- Gnaeus Pompeius (Pompey)
A farmer is a man outstanding in his field.
	A farmer with extremely prolific hens posted the following sign.  "Free
Chickens.  Our Coop Runneth Over."
	A father gave his teen-age daughter an untrained pedigreed pup for
her birthday.  An hour later, when wandering through the house, he found her
looking at a puddle in the center of the kitchen.  "My pup," she murmured
sadly, "runneth over."
A fool and his money are soon popular.
A fool and your money are soon partners.
A fool must now and then be right by chance.
A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
A friend in need is a pest indeed.
A full belly makes a dull brain.
		-- Ben Franklin

		[and the local candy machine man.  Ed]
	A girl spent a couple hours on the phone talking to her two best
friends, Maureen Jones, and Maureen Brown.  When asked by her father why she
had been on the phone so long, she responded "I heard a funny story today
and I've been telling it to the Maureens."
A gleekzorp without a tornpee is like a quop without a fertsneet (sort of).
A good memory does not equal pale ink.
A good name lost is seldom regained.  When character is gone,
all is gone, and one of the richest jewels of life is lost forever.
		-- J. Hawes
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
		-- Patton
A good reputation is more valuable than money.
		-- Publilius Syrus
A good scapegoat is hard to find.
A guilty conscience is the mother of invention.
		-- Carolyn Wells
A handful of friends is worth more than a wagon of gold.
A handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of brains.
A hermit is a deserter from the army of humanity.
A homeowner's reach should exceed his grasp, or what's a weekend for?
	A horse breeder has his young colts bottle-fed after they're three
days old.  He heard that a foal and his mummy are soon parted.
A hundred thousand lemmings can't be wrong!
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a cash advance.
A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
		-- Lao Tsu
A journey of a thousand miles starts under one's feet.
		-- Lao Tsu
A king's castle is his home.
A lie in time saves nine.
A lie is an abomination unto the Lord and a very present help in time of
trouble.
		-- Adlai Stevenson
A likely impossibility is always preferable to an unconvincing possibility.
		-- Aristotle
A little experience often upsets a lot of theory.
A little inaccuracy saves a world of explanation.
		-- C. E. Ayres
A little inaccuracy sometimes saves tons of explanation.
		-- H. H. Munro, "Saki"
A lost ounce of gold may be found, a lost moment of time never.
A man gazing at the stars is proverbially at the mercy of the puddles
in the road.
		-- Alexander Smith
A man who carries a cat by its tail learns something he can learn
in no other way.
A man with one watch knows what time it is.
A man with two watches is never quite sure.
A man's best friend is his dogma.
A man's house is his castle.
		-- Sir Edward Coke
A man's house is his hassle.
A mind is a wonderful thing to waste.
A mushroom cloud has no silver lining.
A penny saved has not been spent.
A penny saved is ridiculous.
A pipe gives a wise man time to think and a fool something to stick in his
mouth.
A place for everything and everything in its place.
		-- Isabella Mary Beeton, "The Book of Household Management"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to memory management system services.]
A platitude is simply a truth repeated till people get tired of hearing it.
		-- Stanley Baldwin
A plethora of individuals with expertise in culinary techniques contaminate
the potable concoction produced by steeping certain edible nutriments.
A plucked goose doesn't lay golden eggs.
A pound of salt will not sweeten a single cup of tea.
"A radioactive cat has eighteen half-lives."
A rolling stone gathers momentum.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
		-- Publilius Syrus
A shortcut is the longest distance between two points.
A sinking ship gathers no moss.
		-- Donald Kaul
A Smith & Wesson beats four aces.
A snake lurks in the grass.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)
A soft answer turneth away wrath; but grievous words stir up anger.
		-- Proverbs 15:1
A soft drink turneth away company.
A song in time is worth a dime.
A stitch in time saves nine.
A violent man will die a violent death.
		-- Lao Tsu
A watched clock never boils.
A wise man can see more from a mountain top than a fool can from the bottom
of a well.
A wise man can see more from the bottom of a well than a fool can from a
mountain top.
A wise person makes his own decisions, a weak one obeys public opinion.
		-- Chinese proverb
A witty saying proves nothing, but saying something pointless gets
people's attention.
A witty saying proves nothing.
		-- Voltaire
A word to the wise is enough.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes
Above all else -- sky.
Above all things, reverence yourself.
Absence makes the heart forget.
Absence makes the heart go wander.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder -- of somebody else.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
		-- Sextus Aurelius
Absence makes the heart grow frantic.
Absolutum obsoletum.  (If it works, it's out of date.)
		-- Stafford Beer
Ad astra per aspera.
	[To the stars by aspiration.]
Adde parvum parvo manus acervus erit.
	[Add little to little and there will be a big pile.]
		-- Ovid
Advice from an old carpenter: measure twice, saw once.
After the game the king and the pawn go in the same box.
		-- Italian proverb
Age and treachery will always overcome youth and skill.
Age before beauty; and pearls before swine.
		-- Dorothy Parker
Aim for the moon.  If you miss, you may hit a star.
		-- W. Clement Stone
Ain't no right way to do a wrong thing.
		-- The Mad Dogtender
Alas, I am dying beyond my means.
		-- Oscar Wilde [as he sipped champagne on his deathbed]
Alimony is the high cost of leaving.
All a man needs out of life is a place to sit 'n' spit in the fire.
All articles that coruscate with resplendence are not truly auriferous.
-- All articles that coruscate with resplendence are not truly auriferous.
-- When there are visible vapors having the prevenience in ignited
	carbonaceous materials, there is conflagration.
-- Sorting on the part of mendicants must be interdicted.
-- A plethora of individuals wither expertise in culinary techniques vitiated
	the potable concoction produced by steeping certain coupestibles.
-- Eleemosynary deeds have their initial incidence intramurally.
-- Male cadavers are incapable of yielding testimony.
-- Individuals who make their abode in vitreous edifices would be well
	advised to refrain from catapulting projectiles.
All I kin say is when you finds yo'self wanderin' in a peach orchard,
ya don't go lookin' for rutabagas.
		-- Kingfish
All is fear in love and war.
All is well that ends well.
		-- John Heywood
All that glitters has a high refractive index.
All that glitters is not gold; all that wander are not lost.
All things are possible, except for skiing through a revolving door.
All things being equal, you are bound to lose.
All true wisdom is found on T-shirts.
All's well that ends.
An aphorism is never exactly true; it is either a half-truth or
one-and-a-half truths.
		-- Karl Kraus
An apple a day makes 365 apples a year.
An apple every eight hours will keep three doctors away.
An idle mind is worth two in the bush.
An ounce of clear truth is worth a pound of obfuscation.
An ounce of hypocrisy is worth a pound of ambition.
		-- Michael Korda
An ounce of mother is worth a ton of priest.
		-- Spanish proverb
"An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of purge."
And tomorrow will be like today, only more so.
		-- Isaiah 56:12, New Standard Version
Answer a fool according to his folly, lest he be wise in his own conceit.
		-- Proverbs, 26:5
Any great truth can -- and eventually will -- be expressed as a cliche --
a cliche is a sure and certain way to dilute an idea.  For instance, my
grandmother used to say, "The black cat is always the last one off the fence."
I have no idea what she meant, but at one time, it was undoubtedly true.
		-- Solomon Short
Any philosophy that can be put "in a nutshell" belongs there.
		-- Sydney J. Harris
Any road followed to its end leads precisely nowhere.
Climb the mountain just a little to test it's a mountain.
From the top of the mountain, you cannot see the mountain.
		-- Bene Gesserit proverb, "Dune"
Anything is possible on paper.
		-- Ron McAfee
Anything is possible, unless it's not.
Anything that is worth doing has been done frequently.  Things hitherto
undone should be given, I suspect, a wide berth.
		-- Max Beerbohm, "Mainly on the Air"
Anything worth doing is worth overdoing.
As well look for a needle in a bottle of hay.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes
Ask not for whom the Bell tolls, and you will pay only the station-to-station
rate.
		-- Howard Kandel
Ask not for whom the telephone bell tolls...
if thou art in the bathtub, it tolls for thee.
Avoid cliches like the plague.  They're a dime a dozen.
Be both a speaker of words and a doer of deeds.
		-- Homer
Be sure to evaluate the bird-hand/bush ratio.
Beggars should be no choosers.
		-- John Heywood
Better dead than mellow.
Better hope you get what you want before you stop wanting it.
Better late than never.
		-- Titus Livius (Livy)
Better living a beggar than buried an emperor.
Better to be nouveau than never to have been riche at all.
Better to light one candle than to curse the darkness.
		-- motto of the Christopher Society
Better tried by twelve than carried by six.
		-- Jeff Cooper
Beware of friends who are false and deceitful.
Beware of geeks bearing graft.
Call on God, but row away from the rocks.
		-- Indian proverb
Charity begins at home.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)
Cheap things are of no value, valuable things are not cheap.
Cleanliness becomes more important when godliness is unlikely.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke
Cleanliness is next to impossible.
Cogito cogito ergo cogito sum --
"I think that I think, therefore I think that I am."
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
"Cogito ergo I'm right and you're wrong."
		-- Blair Houghton
Curiosity killed the cat, but satisfaction brought her back.
Desist from enumerating your fowl prior to their emergence from the shell.
Do not count your chickens before they are hatched.
		-- Aesop
Do unto others before they undo you.
Do, or do not; there is no try.
Doing gets it done.
Don't get even -- get odd!
Don't get mad, get even.
		-- Joseph P. Kennedy

Don't get even, get jewelry.
		-- Anonymous
Don't get mad, get interest.
Don't put off for tomorrow what you can do today because if you enjoy it today,
you can do it again tomorrow.
Eschew obfuscation.
Every path has its puddle.
Every silver lining has a cloud around it.
Every solution breeds new problems.
Expedience is the best teacher.
Experience is a good teacher, but she sends in terrific bills.
		-- Minna Antrim, "Naked Truth and Veiled Allusions"
Familiarity breeds attempt.
Flattery will get you everywhere.
Flee at once, all is discovered.
For fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
		-- Alexander Pope
Forgive and forget.
		-- Cervantes
Fortune and love befriend the bold.
		-- Ovid
Fortune favors the lucky.
Fortune finishes the great quotations, #12

	Those who can, do.  Those who can't, write the instructions.
Fortune finishes the great quotations, #3

	Birds of a feather flock to a newly washed car.
Fortune finishes the great quotations, #9

	A word to the wise is often enough to start an argument.
Freedom from incrustation of grime is contiguous to rectitude.
Genius is pain.
		-- John Lennon
Given sufficient time, what you put off doing today will get done by itself.
God gave man two ears and one tongue so that we listen twice as much as
we speak.
		-- Arab proverb
Happiness adds and multiplies as we divide it with others.
Happiness is the greatest good.
Haste makes waste.
		-- John Heywood
Have a nice day!
Have a nice diurnal anomaly.
Have an adequate day.
He that bringeth a present, findeth the door open.
		-- Scottish proverb.
He who fears the unknown may one day flee from his own backside.
		-- Sinbad
He who fights and runs away lives to fight another day.
He who foresees calamities suffers them twice over.
He who has a shady past knows that nice guys finish last.
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
He who has the courage to laugh is almost as much a master of the world
as he who is ready to die.
		-- Giacomo Leopardi
He who hates vices hates mankind.
He who hesitates is last.
He who hesitates is sometimes saved.
He who laughs has not yet heard the bad news.
		-- Bertolt Brecht
He who laughs last -- missed the punch line.
He who laughs last didn't get the joke.
He who laughs last hasn't been told the terrible truth.
He who laughs last is probably your boss.
He who laughs last usually had to have joke explained.
He who laughs, lasts.
He who lives without folly is less wise than he believes.
He who makes a beast of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man.
		-- Dr. Johnson
Honesty is the best policy, but insanity is a better defense.
Honesty's the best policy.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes
Honi soit qui mal y pense.
	[Evil to him who evil thinks.]
		-- Motto of the Order of the Garter (est. Edward III)
How sharper than a hound's tooth it is to have a thankless serpent.
How you look depends on where you go.
I am a man: nothing human is alien to me.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)
I doubt, therefore I might be.
I know on which side my bread is buttered.
		-- John Heywood
I think, therefore I am... I think.
I'll turn over a new leaf.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes
If a fool persists in his folly he shall become wise.
		-- William Blake
If anything can go wrong, it will.
If at first you do succeed, try to hide your astonishment.
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
If at first you don't succeed, quit; don't be a nut about success.
If at first you don't succeed, redefine success.
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
		-- W. E. Hickson
If at first you don't succeed, you're doing about average.
		-- Leonard Levinson
If happiness is in your destiny, you need not be in a hurry.
		-- Chinese proverb
If I cannot bend Heaven, I shall move Hell.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)
If in doubt, mumble.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
If it heals good, say it.
If the shoe fits, it's ugly.
If the thunder don't get you, then the lightning will.
If there is no wind, row.
		-- Polish proverb
If two wrongs don't make a right, try three.
		-- Laurence J. Peter
If wishes were horses, then beggars would be thieves.
If you wish to be happy for one hour, get drunk.
If you wish to be happy for three days, get married.
If you wish to be happy for a month, kill your pig and eat it.
If you wish to be happy forever, learn to fish.
		-- Chinese Proverb
If you wish to succeed, consult three old people.
If you would keep a secret from an enemy, tell it not to a friend.
In charity there is no excess.
		-- Francis Bacon
In God we trust; all else we walk through.
In this world, nothing is certain but death and taxes.
		-- Benjamin Franklin
Inspiration without perspiration is usually sterile.
Integrity has no need for rules.
It doesn't matter whether you win or lose -- until you lose.
It is a poor judge who cannot award a prize.
It is a profitable thing, if one is wise, to seem foolish.
		-- Aeschylus
It is annoying to be honest to no purpose.
		-- Publius Ovidius Naso (Ovid)
It is bad luck to be superstitious.
		-- Andrew W. Mathis
It is better to have loved a short man than never to have loved a tall.
It is better to have loved and lost -- much better.
It is better to have loved and lost than just to have lost.
It is better to wear out than to rust out.
It is common sense to take a method and try it.  If it fails,
admit it frankly and try another.  But above all, try something.
		-- Franklin D. Roosevelt
It is sweet to let the mind unbend on occasion.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
It is the quality rather than the quantity that matters.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca
It is when I struggle to be brief that I become obscure.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
It is wise to keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.
		-- Roger Babson
It is your concern when your neighbor's wall is on fire.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
It's always darkest just before it gets pitch black.
It's always darkest just before the lights go out.
		-- Alex Clark
It's better to burn out than it is to rust.
It's better to burn out than to fade away.
It's later than you think.
It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you place the blame.
It's the thought, if any, that counts!
Keep on keepin' on.
Keep the phase, baby.
Kites rise highest against the wind -- not with it.
		-- Winston Churchill
Knowledge is power.
		-- Francis Bacon
Knowledge without common sense is folly.
Laugh and the world laughs with you, snore and you sleep alone.
Laugh and the world thinks you're an idiot.
Laugh at your problems; everybody else does.
Laugh when you can; cry when you must.
Laugh, and the world ignores you.  Crying doesn't help either.
Leave no stone unturned.
		-- Euripides
Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse.
Let sleeping dogs lie.
		-- Charles Dickens
Let your conscience be your guide.
		-- Pope
Life is one long struggle in the dark.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus
"Life is too important to take seriously."
		-- Corky Siegel
Life is too short to be taken seriously.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Look before you leap.
		-- Samuel Butler
Look ere ye leap.
		-- John Heywood
-- Male cadavers are incapable of yielding testimony.
-- Individuals who make their abode in vitreous edifices would be well advised
	to refrain from catapulting projectiles.
-- Neophyte's serendipity.
-- Exclusive dedication to necessitious chores without interludes of hedonistic
	diversion renders John a hebetudinous fellow.
-- A revolving concretion of earthy or mineral matter accumulates no congeries
	of small, green bryophytic plant.
-- Abstention from any aleatory undertaking precludes a potential escallation
	of a lucrative nature.
-- Missiles of ligneous or osteal consistency have the potential of fracturing
	osseous structure, but appellations will eternally remain innocuous.
Man is the measure of all things.
		-- Protagoras
Mankind is poised midway between the gods and the beasts.
		-- Plotinus
Many are called, few are chosen.  Fewer still get to do the choosing.
Many are called, few volunteer.
Many are cold, but few are frozen.
Many hands make light work.
		-- John Heywood
May you have warm words on a cold evening,
a full mooon on a dark night,
and a smooth road all the way to your door.
May you live in interesting times.
		-- Chinese proverb
Men freely believe that what they wish to desire.
		-- Julius Caesar
Misery loves company, but company does not reciprocate.
Misery no longer loves company.  Nowadays it insists on it.
		-- Russell Baker
Misfortunes arrive on wings and leave on foot.
Mistakes are often the stepping stones to utter failure.
Mistrust first impulses; they are always right.
Moderation in all things.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer [Terence]
Moderation is a fatal thing.  Nothing succeeds like excess.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Mother is the invention of necessity.
Mum's the word.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes
Necessity has no law.
		-- St. Augustine
Necessity hath no law.
		-- Oliver Cromwell
Necessity is a mother.
-- Neophyte's serendipity.
-- Exclusive dedication to necessitious chores without interludes of
	hedonistic diversion renders John a hebetudinous fellow.
-- A revolving concretion of earthy or mineral matter accumulates no
	congeries of small, green bryophytic plant.
-- The person presenting the ultimate cachinnation possesses thereby the
	optimal cachinnation.
-- Abstention from any aleatory undertaking precludes a potential
	escallation of a lucrative nature.
-- Missiles of ligneous or osteal consistency have the potential of
	fracturing osseous structure, but appellations will eternally
	remain innocuous.
Never do today what you can put off until tomorrow.
Never look a gift horse in the mouth.
		-- Saint Jerome
Never promise more than you can perform.
		-- Publilius Syrus
Never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid all together.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after.
Nice guys don't finish nice.
Nice guys finish last, but we get to sleep in.
		-- Evan Davis
Nice guys finish last.
		-- Leo Durocher
Nice guys get sick.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
		-- Aesop
No evil can happen to a good man.
		-- Plato
No excellent soul is exempt from a mixture of madness.
		-- Aristotle
No good deed goes unpunished.
		-- Clare Booth Luce
None love the bearer of bad news.
		-- Sophocles
Not everything worth doing is worth doing well.
Nothing endures but change.
		-- Heraclitus
Nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced -- even a
proverb is no proverb to you till your life has illustrated it.
		-- John Keats
Nullum magnum ingenium sine mixtura dementiae fuit.
	[There is no great genius without some touch of madness.]
		-- Seneca
Often things ARE as bad as they seem!
Once a word has been allowed to escape, it cannot be recalled.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
Once harm has been done, even a fool understands it.
		-- Homer
One good turn asketh another.
		-- John Heywood
One good turn deserves another.
		-- Gaius Petronius
One good turn usually gets most of the blanket.
One man's Mede is another man's Persian.
		-- George M. Cohan
One picture is worth more than ten thousand words.
		-- Chinese proverb
Oppernockity tunes but once.
Out of sight is out of mind.
		-- Arthur Clough
		-- Owen Meredith
Patience is the best remedy for every trouble.
		-- Titus Maccius Plautus
Pauca sed matura.
	[Few but excellent.]
		-- Gauss
Pereant, inquit, qui ante nos nostra dixerunt.
	[Confound those who have said our remarks before us.]
	or
	[May they perish who have expressed our bright ideas before us.]
		-- Aelius Donatus
Pity the meek, for they shall inherit the earth.
		-- Don Marquis
Plus ,ca change, plus c'est la m^eme chose.
	[The more things change, the more they remain the same.]
		-- Alphonse Karr, "Les Gu^epes"
Practice yourself what you preach.
		-- Titus Maccius Plautus
Praise the sea; on shore remain.
		-- John Florio
Pray to God, but keep rowing to shore.
		-- Russian Proverb
Prosperity makes friends, adversity tries them.
		-- Publilius Syrus
Quidquid latine dictum sit, altum videtur.
	[Whatever is said in Latin sounds profound.]
Remembering is for those who have forgotten.
		-- Chinese proverb
Removing the straw that broke the camel's back does not necessarily
allow the camel to walk again.
Rome was not built in one day.
		-- John Heywood
Rome wasn't burnt in a day.
Rotten wood cannot be carved.
		-- Confucius, "Analects", Book 5, Ch. 9
-- Scintillate, scintillate, asteroid minikin.
-- Members of an avian species of identical plumage congregate.
-- Surveillance should precede saltation.
-- Pulchritude possesses solely cutaneous profundity.
-- It is fruitless to become lachrymose over precipitately departed
	lacteal fluid.
-- Freedom from incrustations of grime is contiguous to rectitude.
-- It is fruitless to attempt to indoctrinate a superannuated
	canine with innovative maneuvers.
-- Eschew the implement of correction and vitiate the scion.
-- The temperature of the aqueous content of an unremittingly
	galled saucepan does not reach 212 degrees Farenheit.
Scintillation is not always identification for an auric substance.
Seek simplicity -- and distrust it.
		-- Alfred North Whitehead
Seize the day, put no trust in the morrow!
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
Set the cart before the horse.
		-- John Heywood
Si jeunesse savait, si vieillesse pouvait.
	[If youth but knew, if old age but could.]
		-- Henri Estienne
Sic transit gloria Monday!
Sic transit gloria mundi.
	[So passes away the glory of this world.]
		-- Thomas `a Kempis
Sic Transit Gloria Thursdi.
Small change can often be found under seat cushions.
		-- One of Lazarus Long's most penetrating insights
Small is beautiful.
		-- Schumacher's Dictum
Stop searching forever.  Happiness is just next to you.
Stop searching forever.  Happiness is unattainable.
Stop searching.  Happiness is right next to you.  Now, if they'd only
take a bath ...
Sweet April showers do spring May flowers.
		-- Thomas Tusser
The coast was clear.
		-- Lope de Vega
The course of true anything never does run smooth.
		-- Samuel Butler
The descent to Hades is the same from every place.
		-- Anaxagoras
The early worm gets the bird.
The early worm gets the late bird.
The ends justify the means.
		-- after Matthew Prior
The greatest love is a mother's, then a dog's, then a sweetheart's.
		-- Polish proverb
The life which is unexamined is not worth living.
		-- Plato
The light at the end of the tunnel is the headlight of an approaching train.
The light at the end of the tunnel may be an oncoming dragon.
The man who runs may fight again.
		-- Menander
The man who sees, on New Year's day, Mount Fuji, a hawk, and an eggplant
is forever blessed.
		-- Old Japanese proverb
The meek will inherit the earth -- if that's OK with you.
The more the merrier.
		-- John Heywood
The more things change, the more they stay insane.
The more things change, the more they'll never be the same again.
The only certainty is that nothing is certain.
		-- Pliny the Elder
The only constant is change.
The only problem with seeing too much is that it makes you insane.
		-- Phaedrus
The only reward of virtue is virtue.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
"The porcupine with the sharpest quills gets stuck on a tree more often."
The proof of the pudding is in the eating.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes
The reverse side also has a reverse side.
		-- Japanese proverb
The road to Hades is easy to travel.
		-- Bion
The superfluous is very necessary.
		-- Voltaire
The temperature of the aqueous content of an unremittingly ogled
culinary vessel will not achieve 100 degrees on the Celsius scale.
The worst is enemy of the bad.
-- The writing implement is more potent than the claymore.
-- All articles that coruscate with resplendence are not truly auriferous.
-- When there are visible vapors having the prevenience in ignited carbonaceous
	materials, there is conflagration.
-- Sorting on the part of mendicants must be interdicted.
-- A plethora of individuals wither expertise in culinary techniques vitiated
	the potable concoction produced by steeping certain coupestibles.
-- The person presenting the ultimate cachinnation possesses thereby the
	optimal cachinnation.
		-- Eleemosynary deeds have their initial incidence intramurally.
There are more things in heaven and earth than any place else.
There are more ways of killing a cat than choking her with cream.
There is no fool to the old fool.
		-- John Heywood
There is no grief which time does not lessen and soften.
There is no proverb that is not true.
		-- Cervantes
There's an old proverb that says just about whatever you want it to.
There's no heavier burden than a great potential.
There's no such thing as a free lunch.
		-- Milton Friendman
There's no such thing as an original sin.
		-- Elvis Costello
There's no time like the pleasant.
Things are more like they are today than they ever were before.
		-- Dwight Eisenhower
Things are more like they used to be than they are now.
Things are not always what they seem.
		-- Phaedrus
Things fall apart; the centre cannot hold.
Thou hast seen nothing yet.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes
Three may keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
		-- Benjamin Franklin
Time and tide wait for no man.
Time as he grows old teaches all things.
		-- Aeschylus
Time flies like an arrow.  Fruit flies like a banana.
Time goes, you say?
Ah no!
Time stays, *we* go.
		-- Austin Dobson
Time sure flies when you don't know what you're doing.
To add insult to injury.
		-- Phaedrus
To err is human, but I can REALLY foul things up.
To err is human, but when the eraser wears out before the pencil,
you're overdoing it a little.
To err is human, to forgive is against company policy.
To err is human, to forgive unusual.
To err is human, to moo bovine.
To err is human, to purr feline.
To err is human, two curs canine.
To err is human, to moo bovine.
To err is human, to repent, divine, to persist, devilish.
		-- Benjamin Franklin
To err is human.
To blame someone else for your mistakes is even more human.
To err is human; to admit it, a blunder.
To err is human; to forgive is simply not our policy.
		-- MIT Assasination Club
To err is humor.
To every Ph.D. there is an equal and opposite Ph.D.
		-- B. Duggan
Treat your friend as if he might become an enemy.
		-- Publilius Syrus
Trust in Allah, but tie your camel.
		-- Arabian proverb
Truth can wait; he's used to it.
Turn the other cheek.
		-- Jesus Christ
Two heads are better than one.
		-- John Heywood
Two heads are more numerous than one.
Two is company, three is an orgy.
Two wrongs are only the beginning.
		-- Kohn
Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse.
		-- Thomas Szasz
Two wrongs don't make a right, but three lefts do.
Walking on water wasn't built in a day.
		-- Jack Kerouac
We are what we are.
We are what we pretend to be.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr.
We have seen the light at the end of the tunnel, and it's out.
Well begun is half done.
		-- Aristotle
What fools these morals be!
What fools these mortals be.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca
What one believes to be true either is true or becomes true.
		-- John Lilly
What one fool can do, another can.
		-- Ancient Simian Proverb
What we wish, that we readily believe.
		-- Demosthenes
What you don't know can hurt you, only you won't know it.
What you don't know won't help you much either.
		-- D. Bennett
Whatever it is, I fear Greeks even when they bring gifts.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)
When in doubt, follow your heart.
When in doubt, use brute force.
		-- Ken Thompson
When nothing can possibly go wrong, it will.
When the ax entered the forest, the trees said, "The handle is one of us!"
		-- Turkish proverb
When the blind lead the blind they will both fall over the cliff.
		-- Chinese proverb
When the going gets tough, everyone leaves.
		-- Lynch
When the going gets tough, the tough go shopping.
When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson
When the only tool you have is a hammer, every problem starts to look
like a nail.
When the sun shineth, make hay.
		-- John Heywood
When we talk of tomorrow, the gods laugh.
When you are at Rome live in the Roman style; when you are elsewhere live
as they live elsewhere.
		-- St. Ambrose
When you are in it up to your ears, keep your mouth shut.
When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable,
must be the truth.
		-- Sherlock Holmes, "The Sign of Four"
Where there are visible vapors, having their prevenance in ignited
carbonaceous materials, there is conflagration.
Where there is much light there is also much shadow.
		-- Goethe
While there's life, there's hope.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)
Whom the gods wish to destroy they first call promising.
Whom the mad would destroy, first they make Gods.
		-- Bernard Levin
Without fools there would be no wisdom.
Words are the voice of the heart.
Words can never express what words can never express.
Words have a longer life than deeds.
		-- Pindar
Would ye both eat your cake and have your cake?
		-- John Heywood
You buttered your bread, now lie in it.
You can drive a horse to water, but a pencil must be lead.
You can fool some of the people all of the time,
and all of the people some of the time,
but you can make a fool of yourself anytime.
You can fool some of the people all of the time,
and all of the people some of the time,
but you can never fool your Mom.
You can fool some of the people some of the time,
and some of the people all of the time,
and that is sufficient.
You can get everything in life you want, if you will help enough other
people get what they want.
You can get much further with a kind word and a gun than you can with a
kind word alone.
		-- Al Capone
		[Also attributed to Johnny Carson.  Ed.]
You can go anywhere you want if you look serious and carry a clipboard.
You can make it illegal, but you can't make it unpopular.
You can move the world with an idea, but you have to think of it first.
You can never do just one thing.
		-- Hardin
You can't break eggs without making an omelet.
You can't judge a book by the way it wears its hair.
You cannot see the wood for the trees.
		-- John Heywood
You get what you pay for.
		-- Gabriel Biel
You k'n hide de fier, but w'at you gwine do wid de smoke?
		-- Joel Chandler Harris, proverbs of Uncle Remus
Zhizn' prozhit'--ne pole pereiti.
	[Life's a bitch.]
	[Well, okay.  lit., to live through life is not as simple as crossing
	 a field.  Happy now?]
		-- Russian proverb
"MOKE DAT YIGARETTE"
		-- "The Last Coin", James P. Blaylock
You may be marching to the beat of a different drummer, but you're
still in the parade.
"World conquerors sometimes become fools, but fools never become world
conquerors."
		-- "The Outer Limits: The Invisibles"
$100 invested at 7% interest for 100 years will become $100,000, at
which time it will be worth absolutely nothing.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough for Love"
1st graffitiist: QUESTION AUTHORITY!

2nd graffitiist: Why?
A "No" uttered from deepest conviction is better and greater than a
"Yes" merely uttered to please, or what is worse, to avoid trouble.
		-- Mahatma Gandhi
A billion here, a billion there -- pretty soon it adds up to real money.
		-- Sen. Everett Dirksen, on the U.S. defense budget
A billion seconds ago Harry Truman was president.
A billion minutes ago was just after the time of Christ.
A billion hours ago man had not yet walked on earth.
A billion dollars ago was late yesterday afternoon at the U.S. Treasury.
A bureaucrat's idea of cleaning up his files is to make a copy of everything
before he destroys it.
A candidate is a person who gets money from the rich and votes from the
poor to protect them from each other.
A citizen of America will cross the ocean to fight for democracy, but
won't cross the street to vote in a national election.
		-- Bill Vaughan
A Difficulty for Every Solution.
		-- Motto of the Federal Civil Service
A diplomat is a man who can convince his wife she'd look stout in a fur coat.
A diplomat is a person who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you
actually look forward to the trip.
		-- Caskie Stinnett, "Out of the Red"
A diplomat's life consists of three things: protocol, Geritol, and alcohol.
		-- Adlai Stevenson
A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.
		-- Winston Churchill
A free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular.
		-- Adlai Stevenson
A general leading the State Department resembles a dragon commanding ducks.
		-- New York Times, Jan. 20, 1981
A government that is big enough to give you all you want is big enough
to take it all away.
		-- Barry Goldwater
A great empire, like a great cake, is most easily diminished at the edges.
		-- B. Franklin
A great nation is any mob of people which produces at least one honest
man a century.
A group of politicians deciding to dump a President because his morals
are bad is like the Mafia getting together to bump off the Godfather for
not going to church on Sunday.
		-- Russell Baker
A lack of leadership is no substitute for inaction.
A long memory is the most subversive idea in America.
A national debt, if it is not excessive, will be to us a national blessing.
		-- Alexander Hamilton
A nuclear war can ruin your whole day.
A penny saved is a penny taxed.
A penny saved kills your career in government.
A people living under the perpetual menace of war and invasion is very easy to
govern.  It demands no social reforms.  It does not haggle over expenditures
on armaments and military equipment.  It pays without discussion, it ruins
itself, and that is an excellent thing for the syndicates of financiers and
manufacturers for whom patriotic terrors are an abundant source of gain.
		-- Anatole France
A political man can have as his aim the realization of freedom,
but he has no means to realize it other than through violence.
		-- Jean Paul Sartre
A prisoner of war is a man who tries to kill you and fails, and then
asks you not to kill him.
		-- Sir Winston Churchill, 1952
A public debt is a kind of anchor in the storm; but if the anchor be
too heavy for the vessel, she will be sunk by that very weight which
was intended for her preservation.
		-- Colton
A real diplomat is one who can cut his neighbor's throat without having
his neighbour notice it.
		-- Trygve Lie
A real patriot is the fellow who gets a parking ticket and rejoices
that the system works.
A right is not what someone gives you; it's what no one can take from you.
		-- Ramsey Clark
A sect or party is an elegant incognito devised to save a man from
the vexation of thinking.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson, Journals, 1831
A statesman is a politician who's been dead 10 or 15 years.
		-- Harry S. Truman
A straw vote only shows which way the hot air blows.
		-- O'Henry
A strong conviction that something must be done is the parent of many
bad measures.
		-- Daniel Webster
Abraham Lincoln didn't die in vain.  He died in Washington, D.C.
"After I asked him what he meant, he replied that freedom consisted of
the unimpeded right to get rich, to use his ability, no matter what the
cost to others, to win advancement."
		-- Norman Thomas
Airplanes are interesting toys but of no military value.
	-- Marechal Ferdinand Foch, Professor of Strategy,
	   Ecole Superieure de Guerre
Alea iacta est.
	[The die is cast]
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar
Alexander Hamilton started the U.S. Treasury with nothing - and that was
the closest our country has ever been to being even.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers
All [zoos] actually offer to the public in return for the taxes spent
upon them is a form of idle and witless amusement, compared to which a
visit to a penitentiary, or even to a State legislature in session, is
informing, stimulating and ennobling.
		-- H. L. Mencken
All bad precedents began as justifiable measures.
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar, quoted in "The Conspiracy of
		   Catiline", by Sallust
All diplomacy is a continuation of war by other means.
		-- Chou En Lai
All kings is mostly rapscallions.
		-- Mark Twain
All other things being equal, a bald man cannot be elected President of
the United States.
		-- Vic Gold
All people are born alike -- except Republicans and Democrats.
		-- Groucho Marx
All the taxes paid over a lifetime by the average American are spent by
the government in less than a second.
		-- Jim Fiebig
All wars are civil wars, because all men are brothers ... Each one owes
infinitely more to the human race than to the particular country in
which he was born.
		-- Francois Fenelon
America is the country where you buy a lifetime supply of aspirin for one
dollar, and use it up in two weeks.
America may be unique in being a country which has leapt from barbarism
to decadence without touching civilization.
		-- John O'Hara
America: born free and taxed to death.
An ambassador is an honest man sent abroad to lie and intrigue for the
benefit of his country.
		-- Sir Henry Wotton, 1568-1639
An American's a person who isn't afraid to criticize the president but is
always polite to traffic cops.
An efficient and a successful administration manifests itself equally in
small as in great matters.
		-- W. Churchill
An honest politician is one who when he is bought will stay bought.
		-- Simon Cameron

There are honest journalists like there are honest politicians.  When
bought they stay bought.
		-- Bill Moyers
Anarchy may not be a better form of government, but it's better than no
government at all.
"...and the fully armed nuclear warheads, are, of course, merely a
courtesy detail."
And they shall beat their swords into plowshares, for if you hit a man
with a plowshare, he's going to know he's been hit.
And yet, seasons must be taken with a grain of salt, for they too have
a sense of humor, as does history.  Corn stalks comedy, comedy stalks
tragedy, and this too is historic.  And yet, still, when corn meets
tragedy face to face, we have politics.
		-- Dalglish, Larsen and Sutherland, "Root Crops and
		   Ground Cover"
Andrea: Unhappy the land that has no heroes.
Galileo: No, unhappy the land that _____needs heroes.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "Life of Galileo"
Another such victory over the Romans, and we are undone.
		-- Pyrrhus
Any excuse will serve a tyrant.
		-- Aesop
	"Any news from the President on a successor?" he asked hopefully.
	"None," Anita replied.  "She's having great difficulty finding someone
qualified who is willing to accept the post."
	"Then I stay," said Dr. Fresh.  "I'm not good for much, but I
can at least make a decision."
	"Somewhere," he grumphed, "there must be a naive, opportunistic
young welp with a masochistic streak who would like to run the most
up-and-down bureaucracy in the history of mankind."
		-- R. L. Forward, "Flight of the Dragonfly"
Anybody that wants the presidency so much that he'll spend two years
organising and campaigning for it is not to be trusted with the office.
		-- David Broder
Anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no
account be allowed to do the job.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
As long as war is regarded as wicked, it will always have its fascination.
When it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be popular.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "Intentions"
Audacity, and again, audacity, and always audacity.
		-- G. J. Danton
Ban the bomb.  Save the world for conventional warfare.
Be it our wealth, our jobs, or even our homes; nothing is safe while the
legislature is in session.
Bedfellows make strange politicians.
Blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the national debt.
		-- Herbert Hoover
C'est magnifique, mais ce n'est pas la guerre!
	[It is magnificent, but it is not war]
		-- Pierre Bosquet, witnessing the charge of the Light Brigade
"Cable is not a luxury, since many areas have poor TV reception."
		-- The mayor of Tucson, Arizona, 1989
Canada Post doesn't really charge 32 cents for a stamp.  It's 2 cents
for postage and 30 cents for storage.
		-- Gerald Regan, Cabinet Minister, 12/31/83 Financial Post
Census Taker to Housewife:
Did you ever have the measles, and, if so, how many?
Concerning the war in Vietnam, Senator George Aiken of Vermount noted
in January, 1966, "I'm not very keen for doves or hawks.  I think we need
more owls."
		-- Bill Adler, "The Washington Wits"
Conquering Russia should be done steppe by steppe.
Corruption is not the #1 priority of the Police Commissioner.  His job
is to enforce the law and fight crime.
		-- P. B. A. President E. J. Kiernan
Crime does not pay ... as well as politics.
		-- Alfred E. Newman
Cutting the space budget really restores my faith in humanity.  It
eliminates dreams, goals, and ideals and lets us get straight to the
business of hate, debauchery, and self-annihilation."
		-- Johnny Hart
Demand the establishment of the government in its rightful home at Disneyland.
Democracy becomes a government of bullies, tempered by editors.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Democracy is a device that insures we shall be governed no better than
we deserve.
		-- George Bernard Shaw
Democracy is a form of government in which it is permitted to wonder
aloud what the country could do under first-class management.
		-- Senator Soaper
Democracy is a form of government that substitutes election by the
incompetent many for appointment by the corrupt few.
		-- G. B. Shaw
Democracy is a government where you can say what you think even if you
don't think.
Democracy is a process by which the people are free to choose the man who
will get the blame.
		-- Laurence J. Peter
Democracy is good.  I say this because other systems are worse.
		-- Jawaharlal Nehru
Democracy is the name we give the people whenever we need them.
		-- Arman de Caillavet, 1913
Democracy is the recurrent suspicion that more than half of the people
are right more than half of the time.
		-- E. B. White
Democracy is the worst form of government except all those other
forms that have been tried from time to time.
		-- Winston Churchill
Democracy means simply the bludgeoning of the people by the people for
the people.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Demographic polls show that you have lost credibility across the board.
Especially with those 14 year-old Valley girls.
Diplomacy is about surviving until the next century.  Politics is about
surviving until Friday afternoon.
		-- Sir Humphrey Appleby
Diplomacy is the art of letting the other party have things your way.
		-- Daniele Vare
Diplomacy is the art of saying "nice doggie" until you can find a rock.
		-- Wynn Catlin
Diplomacy is to do and say, the nastiest thing in the nicest way.
		-- Balfour
Disclose classified information only when a NEED TO KNOW exists.
Don't be humble ... you're not that great.
		-- Golda Meir
Don't mind him; politicians always sound like that.
Don't steal... the IRS hates competition!
Don't suspect your friends -- turn them in!
		-- "Brazil"
Don't talk to me about naval tradition.  It's nothing but rum, sodomy and
the lash.
		-- Winston Churchill
Don't vote -- it only encourages them!
Due to a shortage of devoted followers, the production of great leaders
has been discontinued.
Each person has the right to take part in the management of public affairs
in his country, provided he has prior experience, a will to succeed, a
university degree, influential parents, good looks, a curriculum vitae, two
3x4 snapshots, and a good tax record.
Each person has the right to take the subway.
Even though they raised the rate for first class mail in the United
States we really shouldn't complain -- it's still only two cents a day.

	[and getting better!  Soon it'll be down to a penny a day!]
Ever wonder if taxation without representation might have been cheaper?
Every country has the government it deserves.
		-- Joseph De Maistre
Every one says that politicians lie all the time, and that just isn't so!
But you do have to understand body language to know when they're lying and
when they aren't.

	When a politician rubs his nose, he isn't lying.
	When a politician tugs on his ear, he isn't lying.
	When a politician scratches his collar bone, he isn't lying.
	When his mouth starts moving, that's when he's lying!
Everything is controlled by a small evil group to which, unfortunately,
no one we know belongs.
Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice... moderation in the pursuit
of justice is no virtue.
		-- Barry Goldwater
Fanaticism consists of redoubling your effort when you have forgotten your aim.
		-- George Santayana
Far back in the mists of ancient time, in the great and glorious days of the
former Galactic Empire, life was wild, rich and largely tax free.

Mighty starships plied their way between exotic suns, seeking adventure and
reward among the furthest reaches of Galactic space.  In those days, spirits
were brave, the stakes were high, men were real men, women were real women
and small furry creatures from Alpha Centauri were real small furry creatures
from Alpha Centauri.  And all dared to brave unknown terrors, to do mighty
deeds, to boldly split infinitives that no man had split before -- and thus
was the Empire forged.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
Fay: The British police force used to be run by men of integrity.
Truscott: That is a mistake which has been rectified.
		-- Joe Orton, "Loot"
Fear and loathing, my man, fear and loathing.
		-- H. S. Thompson
First rule of public speaking.
	First, tell 'em what you're goin' to tell 'em;
	then tell 'em;
	then tell 'em what you've tole 'em.
For the first time we have a weapon that nobody has used for thirty years.
This gives me great hope for the human race.
		-- Harlan Ellison
Forgive him, for he believes that the customs of his tribe are the laws
of nature!
		-- G. B. Shaw
Fraud is the homage that force pays to reason.
		-- Charles Curtis, "A Commonplace Book"
Free Speech Is The Right To Shout 'Theater' In A Crowded Fire.
		-- A Yippie Proverb
Freedom begins when you tell Mrs. Grundy to go fly a kite.
Freedom is nothing else but the chance to do better.
		-- Camus
Freedom is slavery.
Ignorance is strength.
War is peace.
		-- George Orwell
Freedom of the press is for those who happen to own one.
Freedom's just another word for nothing left to lose.
		-- Kris Kristofferson, "Me and Bobby McGee"
"... gentlemen do not read each other's mail."
		-- Secretary of State Henry Stimson, on closing down
		   the Black Chamber, the precursor to the National
		   Security Agency.
Gentlemen,
	Whilst marching from Portugal to a position which commands the
approach to Madrid and the French forces, my officers have been
diligently complying with your requests which have been sent by H.M. ship
from London to Lisbon and thence by dispatch to our headquarters.
	We have enumerated our saddles, bridles, tents and tent poles,
and all manner of sundry items for which His Majesty's Government holds
me accountable. I have dispatched reports on the character, wit, and
spleen of every officer. Each item and every farthing has been accounted
for, with two regrettable exceptions for which I beg your indulgence.
	Unfortunately the sum of one shilling and ninepence remains
unaccounted for in one infantry battalion's petty cash and there has been
a hideous confusion as the the number of jars of raspberry jam issued to
one cavalry regiment during a sandstorm in western Spain.  This
reprehensible carelessness may be related to the pressure of circumstance,
since we are war with France, a fact which may come as a bit of a surprise
to you gentlemen in Whitehall.
	This brings me to my present purpose, which is to request
elucidation of my instructions from His Majesty's Government so that I
may better understand why I am dragging an army over these barren plains.
I construe that perforce it must be one of two alternative duties, as
given below.  I shall pursue either one with the best of my ability, but
I cannot do both:
	1. To train an army of uniformed British clerks in Spain for the
benefit of the accountants and copy-boys in London or perchance:
	2. To see to it that the forces of Napoleon are driven out of Spain.
		-- Duke of Wellington, to the British Foreign Office,
		   London, 1812
George Orwell 1984.  Northwestern 0.
		-- Chicago Reader 10/15/82
George Orwell was an optimist.
George Washington was first in war, first in peace -- and the first to
have his birthday juggled to make a long weekend.
		-- Ashley Cooper
Give all orders verbally.  Never write anything down that might go into a
"Pearl Harbor File".
"Give me enough medals, and I'll win any war."
		-- Napoleon
Giving money and power to governments is like giving whiskey and
car keys to teenage boys.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke
God shows his contempt for wealth by the kind of person he selects to
receive it.
		-- Austin O'Malley
Good government never depends upon laws, but upon the personal qualities of
those who govern.  The machinery of government is always subordinate to the
will of those who administer that machinery.  The most important element of
government, therefore, is the method of choosing leaders.
		-- Frank Herbert, "Children of Dune"
Good leaders being scarce, following yourself is allowed.
Got a complaint about the Internal Revenue Service?
Call the convenient toll-free "IRS Taxpayer Complaint Hot Line Number":

	1-800-AUDITME
Govern a great nation as you would cook a small fish.  Don't overdo it.
		-- Lao Tsu
Government [is] an illusion the governed should not encourage.
		-- John Updike, "Couples"
Government lies, and newspapers lie, but in a democracy they are different lies.
Government spending?  I don't know what it's all about.  I don't know
any more about this thing than an economist does, and, God knows, he
doesn't know much.
		-- Will Rogers
	Graduating seniors, parents and friends...
	Let me begin by reassuring you that my remarks today will stand up
to the most stringent requirements of the new appropriateness.
	The intra-college sensitivity advisory committee has vetted the
text of even trace amounts of subconscious racism, sexism and classism.
	Moreover, a faculty panel of deconstructionists have reconfigured
the rhetorical components within a post-structuralist framework, so as to
expunge any offensive elements of western rationalism and linear logic.
	Finally, all references flowing from a white, male, eurocentric
perspective have been eliminated, as have any other ruminations deemed
denigrating to the political consensus of the moment.

	Thank you and good luck.
		-- Doonesbury, the University Chancellor's graduation speech.
Great Moments in History: #3

August 27, 1949:
	A Hall of Fame opened to honor outstanding members of the
	Women's Air Corp.  It was a WAC's Museum.
	Grover Cleveland, though constantly at loggerheads with the
Senate, got on better with the House of Representatives.  A popular
story circulating during his presidency concerned the night he was
roused by his wife crying, "Wake up!  I think there are burglars in the
house."
	"No, no, my dear," said the president sleepily, "in the Senate maybe,
but not in the House."
Grub first, then ethics.
		-- Bertolt Brecht
Hark ye, Clinker, you are a most notorious offender.  You stand convicted of
sickness, hunger, wretchedness, and want.
		-- Tobias Smollet
Has the great art and mystery of politics no apparent utility? Does it
appear to be unqualifiedly ratty, raffish, sordid, obscene and low down,
and its salient virtuosi a gang of umitigated scoundrels?  Then let us
not forget its high capacity to soothe and tickel the midriff, its
incomparable services as a maker of entertainment.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "A Carnival of Buncombe"
Have you noticed the way people's intelligence capabilities decline
sharply the minute they start waving guns around?
		-- Dr. Who
He didn't run for reelection.  "Politics brings you into contact with all
the people you'd give anything to avoid," he said. "I'm staying home."
		-- Garrison Keillor, "Lake Wobegone Days"
He is the best of men who dislikes power.
		-- Mohammed
He that would govern others, first should be the master of himself.
He thinks the Gettysburg Address is where Lincoln lived.
		-- Wanda, "A Fish Called Wanda"
He who attacks the fundamentals of the American broadcasting industry
attacks democracy itself.
		-- William S. Paley, chairman of CBS
He who renders warfare fatal to all engaged in it will be the greatest
benefactor the world has yet known.
		-- Sir Richard Burton
He who slings mud generally loses ground.
		-- Adlai Stevenson
He's just a politician trying to save both his faces...
Hear me, my chiefs, I am tired; my heart is sick and sad.  From where the
sun now stands I Will Fight No More Forever.
		-- Chief Joseph of the Nez Perce
Here comes the orator, with his flood of words and his drop of reason.
History has much to say on following the proper procedures.  From a history
of the Mexican revolution:
	"Hidalgo was later defeated at Guadalajara.  The rebel army was
captured on its way through the mountains.  All were courtmartialed and
shot, except Hidalgo, because he was a priest.  He was handed over to
the bishop of Durango who excommunicated him and returned him to the
army where he was then executed."
History is on our side (as long as we can control the historians).
History is the version of past events that people have decided to agree on.
		-- Napoleon Bonaparte, "Maxims"
History shows that the human mind, fed by constant accessions of knowledge,
periodically grows too large for its theoretical coverings, and bursts them
asunder to appear in new habiliments, as the feeding and growing grub, at
intervals, casts its too narrow skin and assumes another...  Truly the imago
state of Man seems to be terribly distant, but every moult is a step gained.
		-- Charles Darwin, from "Origin of the Species"
History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have
exhausted all other alternatives.
		-- Abba Eban
How can you govern a nation which has 246 kinds of cheese?
		-- Charles de Gaulle
How is the world ruled, and how do wars start?  Diplomats tell lies to
journalists, and they believe what they read.
		-- Karl Kraus, "Aphorisms and More Aphorisms"
I am a friend of the working man, and I would rather be his friend
than be one.
		-- Clarence Darrow
I am convinced that the truest act of courage is to sacrifice ourselves
for others in a totally nonviolent struggle for justice.  To be a man
is to suffer for others.
		-- Cesar Chavez
I am not a politician and my other habits are also good.
		-- A. Ward
I can hire one half of the working class to kill the other half.
		-- Jay Gould
I don't care how poor and inefficient a little country is; they like to
run their own business.  I know men that would make my wife a better
husband than I am; but, darn it, I'm not going to give her to 'em.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers
"I don't care who does the electing as long as I get to do the nominating."
		-- Boss Tweed
I don't like the Dutchman.  He's a crocodile.  He's sneaky.  I don't trust him.
		-- Jack "Legs" Diamond, just before a peace conference
		   with Dutch Schultz.

I don't trust Legs.  He's nuts.  He gets excited and starts pulling a
trigger like another guy wipes his nose.
		-- Dutch Schultz, just before a peace conference with
		   "Legs" Diamond.
I don't mind what Congress does, as long as they don't do it in the
streets and frighten the horses.
		-- Victor Hugo
I DON'T THINK I'M ALONE when I say I'd like to see more and more planets
fall under the ruthless domination of our solar system.
		-- Jack Handey, The New Mexican, 1988.
I find this corpse guilty of carrying a concealed weapon and I fine it $40.
		-- Judge Roy Bean, finding a pistol and $40 on a man he'd
		   just shot.
I found Rome a city of bricks and left it a city of marble.
		-- Augustus Caesar
I have a dream.  I have a dream that one day, on the red hills of Georgia,
the sons of former slaves and the sons of former slaveowners will be able to
sit down together at the table of brotherhood.
		-- Martin Luther King, Jr.
I have already given two cousins to the war and I stand ready to sacrifice
my wife's brother.
		-- Artemus Ward
I have always noticed that whenever a radical takes to Imperialism,
he catches it in a very acute form.
		-- Winston Churchill, 1903
I have discovered the art of deceiving diplomats. I tell them the truth
and they never believe me.
		-- Camillo Di Cavour
I have gained this by philosophy:
that I do without being commanded what others do only from fear of the law.
		-- Aristotle
I have never understood this liking for war.  It panders to instincts
already catered for within the scope of any respectable domestic establishment.
		-- Alan Bennett
I hold it, that a little rebellion, now and then, is a good thing...
		-- Thomas Jefferson
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World
War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
		-- Albert Einstein
I like to believe that people in the long run are going to do more to promote
peace than our governments.  Indeed, I think that people want peace so much
that one of these days governments had better get out of the way and let them
have it.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower
I might have gone to West Point, but I was too proud to speak to a congressman.
		-- Will Rogers
I needed the good will of the legislature of four states.  I formed the
legislative bodies with my own money.  I found that it was cheaper that way.
		-- Jay Gould
I never deny, I never contradict.  I sometimes forget.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli, British PM, on dealing with the
		   Royal Family
I never vote for anyone.  I always vote against.
		-- W. C. Fields
I owe the government $3400 in taxes.  So I sent them two hammers and a
toilet seat.
		-- Michael McShane
I place economy among the first and most important virtues, and public debt as
the greatest of dangers to be feared.  To preserve our independence, we must
not let our rulers load us with perpetual debt.  If we run into such debts, we
must be taxed in our meat and drink, in our necessities and in our comforts,
in our labor and in our amusements.  If we can prevent the government from
wasting the labor of the people, under the pretense of caring for them, they
will be happy.
		-- Thomas Jefferson
I pledge allegiance to the flag
of the United States of America
and to the republic for which it stands,
one nation,
indivisible,
with liberty
and justice for all.
		-- Francis Bellamy, 1892
I prefer the most unjust peace to the most righteous war.
		-- Cicero

Even peace may be purchased at too high a price.
		-- Poor Richard
I realize that the MX missile is none of our concern.  I realize that the
whole point of living in a democracy is that we pay professional
congresspersons to concern themselves with things like the MX missile so we
can be free to concern ourselves with getting hold of the plumber.

But from time to time, I feel I must address major public issues such as
this, because in a free and open society, where the very future of the world
hinges on decisions made by our elected leaders, you never win large cash
journalism awards if you stick to the topics I usually write about, such as
nose-picking.
		-- Dave Barry, "At Last, the Ultimate Deterrent Against
		   Political Fallout"
I see a good deal of talk from Washington about lowering taxes.  I hope
they do get 'em lowered down enough so people can afford to pay 'em.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers
I see where we are starting to pay some attention to our neigbors to
the south.  We could never understand why Mexico wasn't just crazy about
us; for we have always had their good will, and oil and minerals, at heart.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers
I steal.
		-- Sam Giancana, explaining his livelihood to his draft board

Easy.  I own Chicago.  I own Miami.  I own Las Vegas.
		-- Sam Giancana, when asked what he did for a living
I think the world is run by C students.
		-- Al McGuire
I trust the first lion he meets will do his duty.
		-- J. P. Morgan on Teddy Roosevelt's safari
I try not to break the rules but merely to test their elasticity.
		-- Bill Veeck
I try to keep an open mind, but not so open that my brains fall out.
		-- Judge Harold T. Stone
I use not only all the brains I have, but all those I can borrow as well.
		-- Woodrow Wilson
I used to be a rebel in my youth.

This cause... that cause... (chuckle) I backed 'em ALL!  But I learned.
Rebellion is simply a device used by the immature to hide from his own
problems.  So I lost interest in politics.  Now when I feel aroused by
a civil rights case or a passport hearing... I realize it's just a device.
I go to my analyst and we work it out.  You have no idea how much better
I feel these days.
		-- J. Feiffer
I want to be the white man's brother, not his brother-in-law.
		-- Martin Luther King, Jr.
I was appalled by this story of the destruction of a member of a valued
endangered species.  It's all very well to celebrate the practicality of
pigs by ennobling the porcine sibling who constructed his home out of
bricks and mortar.  But to wantonly destroy a wolf, even one with an
excessive taste for porkers, is unconscionable in these ecologically
critical times when both man and his domestic beasts continue to maraud
the earth.
		Sylvia Kamerman, "Book Reviewing"
I was offered a job as a hoodlum and I turned it down cold.  A thief is
anybody who gets out and works for his living, like robbing a bank or
breaking into a place and stealing stuff, or kidnapping somebody.  He really
gives some effort to it.  A hoodlum is a pretty lousy sort of scum.  He
works for gangsters and bumps guys off when they have been put on the spot.
Why, after I'd made my rep, some of the Chicago Syndicate wanted me to work
for them as a hood -- you know, handling a machine gun.  They offered me
two hundred and fifty dollars a week and all the protection I needed.  I
was on the lam at the time and not able to work at my regular line.  But
I wouldn't consider it.  "I'm a thief," I said.  "I'm no lousy hoodlum."
		-- Alvin Karpis, "Public Enemy Number One"
I went to my mother and told her I intended to commence a different life.  I
asked for and obtained her blessing and at once commenced the career of a
robber.
		-- Tiburcio Vasquez
I wish a robot would get elected president.  That way, when he came to town,
we could all take a shot at him and not feel too bad.
		-- Jack Handey
I would like the government to do all it can to mitigate, then, in
understanding, in mutuality of interest, in concern for the common good,
our tasks will be solved.
		-- Warren G. Harding
I would like to electrocute everyone who uses the word 'fair' in connection
with income tax policies.
		-- William F. Buckley
I would much rather have men ask why I have no statue, than why I have one.
		-- Marcus Porcius Cato
I would rather be a serf in a poor man's house and be above ground than
reign among the dead.
		-- Achilles, "The Odessey", XI, 489-91
I'd like to see the government get out of war altogether and leave the
whole field to private industry.
		-- Joseph Heller
"I'll carry your books, I'll carry a tune, I'll carry on, carry over,
carry forward, Cary Grant, cash & carry, Carry Me Back To Old Virginia,
I'll even Hara Kari if you show me how, but I will *not* carry a gun."
		-- Hawkeye, M*A*S*H
"I'll rob that rich person and give it to some poor deserving slob.
That will *prove* I'm Robin Hood."
		-- Daffy Duck, "Robin Hood Daffy", [1958, Chuck Jones]
I'm going to Vietnam at the request of the White House.  President Johnson
says a war isn't really a war without my jokes.
		-- Bob Hope
"I'm not stupid, I'm not expendable, and I'M NOT GOING!"
I'm proud to be paying taxes in the United States.  The only thing is
-- I could be just as proud for half the money.
		-- Arthur Godfrey
"I'm willing to sacrifice anything for this cause, even other people's lives."
I've always considered statesmen to be more expendable than soldiers.
If a nation values anything more than freedom, it will lose its freedom;
and the irony of it is that if it is comfort or money it values more, it
will lose that, too.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham
If built in great numbers, motels will be used for nothing but illegal
purposes.
		-- J. Edgar Hoover
If everybody minded their own business, the world would go around a deal faster.
		-- The Duchess, "Through the Looking Glass"
If fifty million people say a foolish thing, it's still a foolish thing.
		-- Bertrand Russell
If God had meant for us to be in the Army, we would have been born with
green, baggy skin.
If God wanted us to have a President, He would have sent us a candidate.
		-- Jerry Dreshfield
If Karl, instead of writing a lot about Capital, had made a lot of Capital,
it would have been much better.
		-- Karl Marx's Mother
If Patrick Henry thought that taxation without representation was bad,
he should see how bad it is with representation.
If people have to choose between freedom and sandwiches, they
will take sandwiches.
		-- Lord Boyd-orr

Eats first, morals after.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "The Threepenny Opera"
If pro is the opposite of con, what is the opposite of progress?
If society fits you comfortably enough, you call it freedom.
		-- Robert Frost
If the American dream is for Americans only, it will remain our dream
and never be our destiny.
		-- Ren'e de Visme Williamson
If the government doesn't trust the people, why doesn't it dissolve them
and elect a new people?
"If the King's English was good enough for Jesus, it's good enough for me!"
		-- "Ma" Ferguson, Governor of Texas (circa 1920)
If the rich could pay the poor to die for them, what a living the poor
could make!
If they were so inclined, they could impeach him because they don't like
his necktie.
		-- Attorney General William Saxbe
If voting could change the system, it would be illegal.  If not voting
could change the system, it would be illegal.
If we all work together, we can totally disrupt the system.
If we can ever make red tape nutritional, we can feed the world.
		-- R. Schaeberle, "Management Accounting"
If we suffer tamely a lawless attack upon our liberty, we encourage it,
and involve others in our doom.
		-- Samuel Adams
If we won't stand together, we don't stand a chance.
If you don't strike oil in twenty minutes, stop boring.
		-- Andrew Carnegie, on public speaking
"If you ever want to get anywhere in politics, my boy, you're going to
have to get a toehold in the public eye."
If you give Congress a chance to vote on both sides of an issue, it
will always do it.
		-- Les Aspin, D., Wisconsin
If you go on with this nuclear arms race, all you are going to do is
make the rubble bounce.
		-- Winston Churchill
If you live in a country run by committee, be on the committee.
		-- Graham Summer
If you make any money, the government shoves you in the creek once a year
with it in your pockets, and all that don't get wet you can keep.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers
If you took all of the grains of sand in the world, and lined
them up end to end in a row, you'd be working for the government!
		-- Mr. Interesting
If you want to understand your government, don't begin by reading the
Constitution.  It conveys precious little of the flavor of today's
statecraft.  Instead, read selected portions of the Washington telephone
directory containing listings for all the organizations with titles
beginning with the word "National."
		-- George Will
If you wants to get elected president, you'se got to think up some
memoraboble homily so's school kids can be pestered into memorizin'
it, even if they don't know what it means.
		-- Walt Kelly, "The Pogo Party"
If your hands are clean and your cause is just and your demands are
reasonable, at least it's a start.
Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States. Ask any Indian.
		-- Robert Orben

Immigration is the sincerest form of flattery.
		-- Jack Paar
Imbalance of power corrupts and monopoly of power corrupts absolutely.
		-- Genji
Immigration is the sincerest form of flattery.
		-- Jack Paar
In America, any boy may become president and I suppose that's just one
of the risks he takes.
		-- Adlai Stevenson
In an orderly world, there's always a place for the disorderly.
In case of atomic attack, the federal ruling against prayer in schools
will be temporarily canceled.
In defeat, unbeatable; in victory, unbearable.
		-- W. Churchill, on General Montgomery
In Dr. Johnson's famous dictionary patriotism is defined as the last
resort of the scoundrel.  With all due respect to an enlightened but
inferior lexicographer I beg to submit that it is the first.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
In fiction the recourse of the powerless is murder; in life the recourse
of the powerless is petty theft.
In Germany they first came for the Communists and I didn't speak up because
I wasn't a Communist.  Then they came for the Jews, and I didn't speak up
because I wasn't a Jew.  Then they came for the trade unionists, and I
didn't speak up because I wasn't a trade unionist.  Then they came for the
Catholics, and I didn't speak up because I was a Protestant.  Then they came
for me -- and by that time no one was left to speak up.
		-- Pastor Martin Niemoller
In Italy, for thirty years under the Borgias, they had warfare, terror,
murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo da Vinci
and the Renaissance.  In Switzerland, they had brotherly love, they had
five hundred years of democracy and peace -- and what did they produce?
The cuckoo-clock.
		-- Orson Welles, "The Third Man"
In our civilization, and under our republican form of government, intelligence
is so highly honored that it is rewarded by exemption from the cares of office.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
In Pierre Trudeau, Canada has finally produced a Prime Minister worthy of
assassination.
		-- John Diefenbaker
In the Halls of Justice the only justice is in the halls.
		-- Lenny Bruce
In those days he was wiser than he is now -- he used to frequently take
my advice.
		-- Winston Churchill
In war it is not men, but the man who counts.
		-- Napoleon
In war, truth is the first casualty.
		-- U Thant
... indifference is a militant thing ... when it goes away it leaves
smoking ruins, where lie citizens bayonetted through the throat.  It is
not a children's pastime like mere highway robbery.
		-- Stephen Crane
Individualists unite!
Indomitable in retreat; invincible in advance; insufferable in victory.
		-- Winston Churchill, on General Montgomery
Inform all the troops that communications have completely broken down.
	Inheritance taxes are getting so out of line, that the deceased family
often doesn't have a legacy to stand on.
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
		-- Martin Luther King, Jr.
Interesting poll results reported in today's New York Post: people on the
street in midtown Manhattan were asked whether they approved of the US
invasion of Grenada.  Fifty-three percent said yes; 39 percent said no;
and 8 percent said "Gimme a quarter?"
		-- David Letterman
Interfere?  Of course we should interfere!  Always do what you're
best at, that's what I say.
		-- Doctor Who
It follows that any commander in chief who undertakes to carry out a plan
which he considers defective is at fault; he must put forth his reasons,
insist of the plan being changed, and finally tender his resignation rather
than be the instrument of his army's downfall.
		-- Napoleon, "Military Maxims and Thought"
It got to the point where I had to get a haircut or both feet firmly
planted in the air.
It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees.
It is better to wear chains than to believe you are free, and weight
yourself down with invisible chains.
It is difficult to legislate morality in the absence of moral legislators.
It is easier to be a "humanitarian" than to render your own country its
proper due; it is easier to be a "patriot" than to make your community a
better place to live in; it is easier to be a "civic leader" than to treat
your own family with loving understanding; for the smaller the focus of
attention, the harder the task.
		-- Sydney J. Harris
It is easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.
		-- Alfred Adler
It is enough to make one sympathize with a tyrant for the determination
of his courtiers to deceive him for their own personal ends...
		-- Russell Baker and Charles Peters
It is impossible to defend perfectly against the attack of those who want
to die.
It is like saying that for the cause of peace, God and the Devil will
have a high-level meeting.
		-- Rev. Carl McIntire, on Nixon's China trip
It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged
to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the
youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles.
		-- George Bernard Shaw
It is not the critic who counts, or how the strong man stumbled, or whether
the doer of deeds could have done them better.  The credit belongs to the
man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and
blood, who strives valiantly, who errs and comes short again and again; who
knows the great enthusiasm, the great devotion, and who spends himself in a
worthy cause, and if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that
he'll never be with those cold and timid souls who never know either victory
or defeat.
		-- Teddy Roosevelt
It is now 10 p.m.  Do you know where Henry Kissinger is?
		-- Elizabeth Carpenter
It is said an Eastern monarch once charged his wise men to invent him a
sentence to be ever in view, and which should be true and appropriate
in all times and situations.  They presented him the words: "And this,
too, shall pass away."
		-- Abraham Lincoln
It may be better to be a live jackal than a dead lion, but it is better
still to be a live lion.  And usually easier.
		-- Lazarus Long
It pays in England to be a revolutionary and a bible-smacker most of
one's life and then come round.
		-- Lord Alfred Douglas
It seems a little silly now, but this country was founded as a protest
against taxation.
It seems like the less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the flag.
It took a while to surface, but it appears that a long-distance credit card
may have saved a U.S. Army unit from heavy casualties during the Grenada
military rescue/invasion. Major General David Nichols, Air Force ... said
the Army unit was in a house surrounded by Cuban forces.  One soldier found
a telephone and, using his credit card, called Ft. Bragg, N.C., telling Army
officiers there of the perilous situation. The officers in turn called the
Air Force, which sent in gunships to scatter the Cubans and relieve the unit.
		-- Aviation Week and Space Technology
"It was a Roman who said it was sweet to die for one's country.  The
Greeks never said it was sweet to die for anything.  They had no vital lies."
		-- Edith Hamilton, "The Greek Way"
It was the Law of the Sea, they said.  Civilization ends at the waterline.
Beyond that, we all enter the food chain, and not always right at the top.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson
It's a good thing we don't get all the government we pay for.
It's a recession when your neighbour loses his job; it's a depression
when you lose yours.
		-- Harry S. Truman
	"It's a summons."
	"What's a summons?"
	"It means summon's in trouble."
		-- Rocky and Bullwinkle
It's getting uncommonly easy to kill people in large numbers, and the first
thing a principle does -- if it really is a principle -- is to kill somebody.
		-- Dorothy L. Sayers, "Gaudy Night"
It's important that people know what you stand for.
It's more important that they know what you won't stand for.
It's no surprise that things are so screwed up: everyone that knows how
to run a government is either driving taxicabs or cutting hair.
		-- George Burns
It's the opinion of some that crops could be grown on the moon.  Which raises
the fear that it may not be long before we're paying somebody not to.
		-- Franklin P. Jones
	Jacek, a Polish schoolboy, is told by his teacher that he has
been chosen to carry the Polish flag in the May Day parade.
	"Why me?"  whines the boy.  "Three years ago I carried the flag
when Brezhnev was the Secretary; then I carried the flag when it was
Andropov's turn, and again when Chernenko was in the Kremlin.  Why is
it always me, teacher?"
	"Because, Jacek, you have such golden hands," the teacher
explains.
		-- being told in Poland, 1987
Join in the new game that's sweeping the country.  It's called "Bureaucracy".
Everybody stands in a circle.  The first person to do anything loses.
Join the army, see the world, meet interesting, exciting people, and kill them.
Join the Navy; sail to far-off exotic lands, meet exciting interesting people,
and kill them.
Just as most issues are seldom black or white, so are most good solutions
seldom black or white.  Beware of the solution that requires one side to be
totally the loser and the other side to be totally the winner.  The reason
there are two sides to begin with usually is because neither side has all
the facts.  Therefore, when the wise mediator effects a compromise, he is
not acting from political motivation.  Rather, he is acting from a deep
sense of respect for the whole truth.
		-- Stephen R. Schwambach
Keep your laws off my body!
Know thyself.  If you need help, call the C.I.A.
L'etat c'est moi.
	[I am the state.]
		-- Louis XIV
Law stands mute in the midst of arms.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero
Lawful Dungeon Master -- and they're MY laws!
Leadership involves finding a parade and getting in front of it; what
is happening in America is that those parades are getting smaller and
smaller -- and there are many more of them.
		-- John Naisbitt, "Megatrends"
Let no guilty man escape.
		-- U. S. Grant
Let the people think they govern and they will be governed.
		-- William Penn, founder of Pennsylvania
Let us never negotiate out of fear, but let us never fear to negotiate.
		-- John F. Kennedy
Liberty don't work as good in practice as it does in speeches.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers
Liberty is always dangerous, but it is the safest thing we have.
		-- Harry Emerson Fosdick
Life is a concentration camp.  You're stuck here and there's no way
out and you can only rage impotently against your persecutors.
		-- Woody Allen
Listen, there is no courage or any extra courage that I know of to find out
the right thing to do.  Now, it is not only necessary to do the right thing,
but to do it in the right way and the only problem you have is what is the
right thing to do and what is the right way to do it.  That is the problem.
But this economy of ours is not so simple that it obeys to the opinion of
bias or the pronouncements of any particular individual, even to the President.
This is an economy that is made up of 173 million people, and it reflects
their desires, they're ready to buy, they're ready to spend, it is a thing
that is too complex and too big to be affected adversely or advantageously
just by a few words or any particular -- say, a little this and that, or even
a panacea so alleged.
		-- D. D. Eisenhower, in response to: "Has the government
		been lacking in courage and boldness in facing up to
		the recession?"
Lots of folks are forced to skimp to support a government that won't.
Love America -- or give it back.
"MacDonald has the gift on compressing the largest amount of words into
the smallest amount of thoughts."
		-- Winston Churchill
Majorities, of course, start with minorities.
		-- Robert Moses
Man is a military animal, glories in gunpowder, and loves parade.
		-- P. J. Bailey
Man is by nature a political animal.
		-- Aristotle
Many a bum show has been saved by the flag.
		-- George M. Cohan
Massachusetts has the best politicians money can buy.
Message will arrive in the mail.  Destroy, before the FBI sees it.
Mickey Mouse wears a Spiro Agnew watch.
Military intelligence is a contradiction in terms.
		-- Groucho Marx
Military justice is to justice what military music is to music.
		-- Groucho Marx
Most people want either less corruption or more of a chance to
participate in it.
Mr. Salter's side of the conversation was limited to expressions of assent.
When Lord Copper was right he said "Definitely, Lord Copper"; when he was
wrong, "Up to a point."
	"Let me see, what's the name of the place I mean?  Capital of Japan?
Yokohama isn't it?"
	"Up to a point, Lord Copper."
	"And Hong Kong definitely belongs to us, doesn't it?"
	"Definitely, Lord Copper."
		-- Evelyn Waugh, "Scoop"
My central memory of that time seems to hang on one or five or maybe forty
nights -- or very early mornings -- when I left the Fillmore half-crazy and,
instead of going home, aimed the big 650 Lightning across the Bay Bridge at
a hundred miles an hour ... booming through the Treasure Island tunnel at
the lights of Oakland and Berkeley and Richmond, not quite sure which
turnoff to take when I got to the other end ... but being absolutely certain
that no matter which way I went I would come to a place where people were
just as high and wild as I was: no doubt at all about that.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson
"My country, right or wrong" is a thing that no patriot would think
of saying, except in a desperate case.  It is like saying "My mother,
drunk or sober."
		-- G. K. Chesterton, "The Defendant"
My experience with government is when things are non-controversial, beautifully
co-ordinated and all the rest, it must be that not much is going on.
		-- J. F. Kennedy
My father was a saint, I'm not.
		-- Indira Gandhi
My folks didn't come over on the Mayflower, but they were there to meet
the boat.
My own life has been spent chronicling the rise and fall of human systems,
and I am convinced that we are terribly vulnerable.  ...  We should be
reluctant to turn back upon the frontier of this epoch. Space is indifferent
to what we do; it has no feeling, no design, no interest in whether or not
we grapple with it. But we cannot be indifferent to space, because the grand,
slow march of intelligence has brought us, in our generation, to a point
from which we can explore and understand and utilize it. To turn back now
would be to deny our history, our capabilities.
		-- James A. Michener
NAPOLEON: What shall we do with this soldier, Giuseppe?  Everything he
	  says is wrong.
GIUSEPPE: Make him a general, Excellency, and then everything he says
	  will be right.
		-- G. B. Shaw, "The Man of Destiny"
National security is in your hands - guard it well.
Necessity is the plea for every infringement of human freedom.
It is the argument of tyrants; it is the creed of slaves.
		-- William Pitt, 1783
Neglect of duty does not cease, by repetition, to be neglect of duty.
		-- Napoleon
Nemo me impune lacessit.
	[No one provokes me with impunity]
		-- Motto of the Crown of Scotland
Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.
		-- Salvor Hardin, "Foundation"
Never trust an automatic pistol or a D.A.'s deal.
		-- John Dillinger
"Never underestimate the power of a small tactical nuclear weapon."
Next to being shot at and missed, nothing is really quite as satisfying
as an income tax refund.
		-- F. J. Raymond
Nihilism should commence with oneself.
No man's ambition has a right to stand in the way of performing a simple
act of justice.
		-- John Altgeld
No matter whether th' constitution follows th' flag or not, th' supreme
court follows th' iliction returns.
		-- Mr. Dooley
No, my friend, the way to have good and safe government, is not to trust it
all to one, but to divide it among the many, distributing to every one exactly
the functions he is competent to.  It is by dividing and subdividing these
republics from the national one down through all its subordinations, until it
ends in the administration of every man's farm by himself; by placing under
every one what his own eye may superintend, that all will be done for the best.
		-- Thomas Jefferson, to Joseph Cabell, 1816
No-one would remember the Good Samaritan if he had only had good
intentions.  He had money as well.
		-- Margaret Thatcher
Nobody shot me.
		-- Frank Gusenberg, his last words, when asked by police
		who had shot him 14 times with a machine gun in the Saint
		Valentine's Day Massacre.

Only Capone kills like that.
		-- George "Bugs" Moran, on the Saint Valentine's Day Massacre

The only man who kills like that is Bugs Moran.
		-- Al Capone, on the Saint Valentine's Day Massacre
Nobody takes a bribe.  Of course at Christmas if you happen to hold out
your hat and somebody happens to put a little something in it, well, that's
different.
		-- New York City Police Commissioner (Ret.) William P.
		   O'Brien, instructions to the force.
Nothing in life is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result.
		-- Winston Churchill

Next to being shot at and missed, nothing is really quite as
satisfying as an income tax refund.
		-- F. J. Raymond
Nothing is illegal if one hundred businessmen decide to do it.
		-- Andrew Young
Nothing, nothing, nothing, no error, no crime is so absolutely repugnant
to God as everything which is official; and why? because the official is
so impersonal and therefore the deepest insult which can be offered to a
personality.
		-- Soren Kierkegaard
Now and then an innocent man is sent to the legislature.
"Nuclear war would mean abolition of most comforts, and disruption of
normal routines, for children and adults alike."
		-- Willard F. Libby, "You *Can* Survive Atomic Attack"
"Nuclear war would really set back cable."
		-- Ted Turner
O'Brien held up his left hand, its back toward Winston, with the
thumb hidden and the four fingers extended.
	"How many fingers am I holding up, Winston?"
	"Four."
	"And if the Party says that it is not four but five -- then how many?"
	"Four."
	The word ended in a gasp of pain.
		-- George Orwell
Oh, I don't blame Congress.  If I had $600 billion at my disposal, I'd
be irresponsible, too.
		-- Lichty & Wagner
Old soldiers never die.  Young ones do.
On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only
nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter
what it does.
		-- Will Rogers
Once is happenstance,
Twice is coincidence,
Three times is enemy action.
		-- Auric Goldfinger
	Once there was a marine biologist who loved dolphins. He spent his
time trying to feed and protect his beloved creatures of the sea.  One day,
in a fit of inventive genius, he came up with a serum that would make
dolphins live forever!
	Of course he was ecstatic. But he soon realized that in order to mass
produce this serum he would need large amounts of a certain compound that was
only found in nature in the metabolism of a rare South American bird.  Carried
away by his love for dolphins, he resolved that he would go to the zoo and
steal one of these birds.
	Unbeknownst to him, as he was arriving at the zoo an elderly lion was
escaping from its cage.  The zookeepers were alarmed and immediately began
combing the zoo for the escaped animal, unaware that it had simply lain down
on the sidewalk and had gone to sleep.
	Meanwhile, the marine biologist arrived at the zoo and procured his
bird.  He was so excited by the prospect of helping his dolphins that he
stepped absentmindedly stepped over the sleeping lion on his way back to his
car.  Immediately, 1500 policemen converged on him and arrested him for
transporting a myna across a staid lion for immortal porpoises.
Once upon a time there was a kingdom ruled by a great bear.  The peasants
were not very rich, and one of the few ways to become at all wealthy was
to become a Royal Knight.  This required an interview with the bear.  If
the bear liked you, you were knighted on the spot.  If not, the bear would
just as likely remove your head with one swat of a paw.  However, the family
of these unfortunate would-be knights was compensated with a beautiful
sheepdog from the royal kennels, which was itself a fairly valuable
possession.  And the moral of the story is:

The mourning after a terrible knight, nothing beats the dog of the bear that
hit you.
Once you've seen one nuclear war, you've seen them all.
One nuclear bomb can ruin your whole day.
One of the lessons of history is that nothing is often a good thing to
do and always a clever thing to say.
		-- Will Durant
One organism, one vote.
One planet is all you get.
One seldom sees a monument to a committee.
Only two kinds of witnesses exist.  The first live in a neighborhood where
a crime has been committed and in no circumstances have ever seen anything
or even heard a shot.  The second category are the neighbors of anyone who
happens to be accused of the crime.  These have always looked out of their
windows when the shot was fired, and have noticed the accused person standing
peacefully on his balcony a few yards away.
		-- Sicilian police officer
Our congratulations go to a Burlington Vermont civilian employee of the
local Army National Guard base.  He recently received a substational cash
award from our government for inventing a device for optical scanning.
His device reportedly will save the government more than $6 million a year
by replacing a more expensive helicopter maintenance tool with his own,
home-made, hand-held model.

Not suprisingly, we also have a couple of money-saving ideas that we submit
to the Pentagon free of charge:

	(a) Don't kill anybody.
	(b) Don't build things that do.
	(c) And don't pay other people to kill anybody.

We expect annual savings to be in the billions.
		-- Sojourners
Our sires' age was worse that our grandsires'.
We their sons are more worthless than they:
so in our turn we shall give the world a progeny yet more corrupt.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
Our swords shall play the orators for us.
		-- Christopher Marlowe
Ours is a world of nuclear giants and ethical infants.
		-- General Omar N. Bradley
Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel.
		-- S. Johnson, "The Life of Samuel Johnson" by J. Boswell

In Dr. Johnson's famous dictionary patriotism is defined as the last
resort of the scoundrel.  With all due respect to an enlightened but
inferior lexicographer I beg to submit that it is the first.
		-- Ambrose Bierce

When Dr. Johnson defined patriotism as the last refuge of a scoundrel,
he ignored the enormous possibilities of the word reform.
		-- Sen. Roscoe Conkling

Public office is the last refuge of a scoundrel.
		-- Boies Penrose
Patriotism is the virtue of the vicious.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding.
		-- Albert Einstein
Peace is much more precious than a piece of land... let there be no more wars.
		-- Mohammed Anwar Sadat, 1918-1981
People never lie so much as after a hunt, during a war, or before an election.
		-- Otto Von Bismarck
People of privilege will always risk their complete destruction
rather than surrender any material part of their advantage.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith
People that can't find something to live for always seem to find something to
die for.  The problem is, they usually want the rest of us to die for it too.
People usually get what's coming to them ... unless it's been mailed.
People who develop the habit of thinking of themselves as world
citizens are fulfilling the first requirement of sanity in our time.
		-- Norman Cousins
Perhaps the most widespread illusion is that if we were in power we would
behave very differently from those who now hold it -- when, in truth, in
order to get power we would have to become very much like them.  (Lenin's
fatal mistake, both in theory and in practice.)
Persistence in one opinion has never been considered a merit in political
leaders.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero, "Ad familiares", 1st century BC
Pilfering Treasury property is paticularly dangerous: big thieves are
ruthless in punishing little thieves.
		-- Diogenes
Poland has gun control.
Political history is far too criminal a subject to be a fit thing to
teach children.
		-- W. H. Auden
Political speeches are like steer horns.  A point here, a point there,
and a lot of bull inbetween.
		-- Alfred E. Neuman
Political T.V. commercials prove one thing: some candidates can tell
all their good points and qualifications in just 30 seconds.
Politicians are the same all over.  They promise to build a bridge even
where there is no river.
		-- Nikita Khrushchev
Politicians should read science fiction, not westerns and detective stories.
		-- Arthur C. Clarke
Politicians speak for their parties, and parties never are, never have
been, and never will be wrong.
		-- Walter Dwight
Politics -- the gentle art of getting votes from the poor and campaign
funds from the rich by promising to protect each from the other.
		-- Oscar Ameringer
Politics and the fate of mankind are formed by men without ideals and without
greatness.  Those who have greatness within them do not go in for politics.
		-- Albert Camus
Politics are almost as exciting as war, and quite as dangerous.  In war,
you can only be killed once.
		-- Winston Churchill
Politics is not the art of the possible.  It consists in choosing
between the disastrous and the unpalatable.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith
Politics is the ability to foretell what is going to happen tomorrow, next
week, next month and next year.  And to have the ability afterwards to
explain why it didn't happen.
		-- Winston Churchill
Politics makes strange bedfellows, and journalism makes strange politics.
		-- Amy Gorin
Politics, as a practice, whatever its professions, has always been the
systematic organisation of hatreds.
		-- Henry Adams, "The Education of Henry Adams"
Politics, like religion, hold up the torches of matrydom to the
reformers of error.
		-- Thomas Jefferson
Populus vult decipi.
	[The people like to be deceived.]
Post proelium, praemium.
	[After the battle, the reward.]
Postmen never die, they just lose their zip.
Poverty begins at home.
Poverty must have its satisfactions, else there would not be so many poor
people.
		-- Don Herold
Power corrupts.  Absolute power is kind of neat.
		-- John Lehman, Secretary of the Navy, 1981-1987
Power is poison.
Power is the finest token of affection.
Power tends to corrupt, absolute power corrupts absolutely.
		-- Lord Acton
Practical politics consists in ignoring facts.
		-- Henry Adams
President Reagan has noted that there are too many economic pundits and
forecasters and has decided on an excess prophets tax.
Put a rogue in the limelight and he will act like an honest man.
		-- Napoleon Bonaparte, "Maxims"
Question authority.
QUESTION AUTHORITY.

(Sez who?)
Question: Is it better to abide by the rules until they're changed or
help speed the change by breaking them?
Remember folks.  Street lights timed for 35 mph are also timed for 70 mph.
		-- Jim Samuels
"Remember, if it's being done correctly, here or abroad, it's ___not the U.S.
Army doing it!"
		-- Good Morning VietNam
Reporter (to Mahatma Gandhi): Mr Gandhi, what do you think of Western
	Civilization?
Gandhi:	I think it would be a good idea.
Reunite Gondwondaland!
Rev. Jim:	What does an amber light mean?
Bobby:		Slow down.
Rev. Jim:	What...   does...  an...  amber...  light...  mean?
Bobby:		Slow down.
Rev. Jim:	What....     does....     an....     amber....     light....
"Rights" is a fictional abstraction.  No one has "Rights", neither machines
nor flesh-and-blood.  Persons... have opportunities, not rights, which they
use or do not use.
		-- Lazarus Long
Rule the Empire through force.
		-- Shogun Tokugawa
Sauron is alive in Argentina!
Scrubbing floors and emptying bedpans has as much dignity as the Presidency.
		-- Richard Nixon
Secrecy is the beginning of tyranny.
Sed quis custodiet ipsos Custodes?
	[Who guards the Guardians?]
Sentenced to two years hard labor (for sodomy), Oscar Wilde stood handcuffed
in driving rain waiting for transport to prison.  "If this is the way Queen
Victoria treats her prisoners," he remarked, "she doesn't deserve to have
any."
Serfs up!
		-- Spartacus
Shah, shah!  Ayatollah you so!
Sherry [Thomas Sheridan] is dull, naturally dull; but it must have taken
him a great deal of pains to become what we now see him.  Such an excess of
stupidity, sir, is not in Nature.
		-- Samuel Johnson
Signs of crime: screaming or cries for help.
		-- The Brown University Security Crime Prevention Pamphlet
Since a politician never believes what he says, he is surprised
when others believe him.
		-- Charles DeGaulle
Since aerosols are forbidden, the police are using roll-on Mace!
[Sir Stafford Cripps] has all the virtues I dislike and none of the
vices I admire.
		-- Winston Churchill
Slaves are generally expected to sing as well as to work ... I did not, when
a slave, understand the deep meanings of those rude, and apparently incoherent
songs.  I was myself within the circle, so that I neither saw nor heard as
those without might see and hear.  They told a tale which was then altogether
beyond my feeble comprehension: they were tones, loud, long and deep,
breathing the prayer and complaint of souls boiling over with the bitterest
anguish.  Every tone was a testimony against slavery, and a prayer to God
for deliverance from chains.
		-- Frederick Douglass
So from the depths of its enchantment, Terra was able to calculate a course
of action.  Here at last was an opportunity to consort with Dirbanu on a
friendly basis -- great Durbanu which, since it had force fields which Earth
could not duplicate, must of necessity have many other things Earth could
use; mighty Durbanu before whom we would kneel in supplication (with purely-
for-defense bombs hidden in our pockets) with lowered heads (making invisible
the knife in our teeth) and ask for crumbs from their table (in order to
extrapolate the location of their kitchens).
		-- Theodore Sturgeon, "The World Well Lost"
... so long as the people do not care to exercise their freedom, those
who wish to tyrranize will do so; for tyrants are active and ardent,
and will devote themselves in the name of any number of gods, religious
and otherwise, to put shackles upon sleeping men.
		-- Voltarine de Cleyre
So many men, so many opinions; every one his own way.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)
Some men rob you with a six-gun -- others with a fountain pen.
		-- Woodie Guthrie
	Somewhat alarmed at the continued growth of the number of employees
on the Department of Agriculture payroll in 1962, Michigan Republican Robert
Griffin proposed an amendment to the farm bill so that "the total number of
employees in the Department of Agriculture at no time exceeds the number of
farmers in America."
		-- Bill Adler, "The Washington Wits"
Stamp out organized crime!!  Abolish the IRS.
	Strange memories on this nervous night in Las Vegas.  Five years later?
Six?  It seems like a lifetime, or at least a Main Era -- the kind of peak that
never comes again.  San Fransisco in the middle sixties was a very special time
and place to be a part of.  Maybe it meant something.  Maybe not, in the long
run...  There was madness in any direction, at any hour.  If not across the
Bay, then up the Golden Gate or down 101 to Los Altos or La Honda...  You could
strike sparks anywhere. There was a fantastic universal sense that whatever we
were doing was right, that we were winning...
	And that, I think, was the handle -- that sense of inevitable victory
over the forces of Old and Evil.  Not in any mean or military sense; we didn't
need that. Our energy would simply prevail.  There was no point in fighting
-- on our side or theirs.  We had all the momentum; we were riding the crest
of a high and beautiful wave.  So now, less than five years later, you can go
up on a steep hill in Las Vegas and look West, and with the right kind of eyes
you can almost ___see the high-water mark -- that place where the wave finally
broke and rolled back.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson
Such a foolish notion, that war is called devotion, when the greatest
warriors are the ones who stand for peace.
Support your local police force -- steal!!
Support your right to arm bears!!
Support your right to bare arms!
		-- A message from the National Short-Sleeved Shirt Association
Surprise!  You are the lucky winner of random I.R.S. Audit!  Just type
in your name and social security number.  Please remember that leaving
the room is punishable under law:

Name
#
Take Care of the Molehills, and the Mountains Will Take Care of Themselves.
		-- Motto of the Federal Civil Service
Take your Senator to lunch this week.
TANSTAAFL
Tax reform means "Don't tax you, don't tax me, tax that fellow behind
the tree."
		-- Russell Long
Taxes are going up so fast, the government is likely to price itself
out of the market.
Taxes are not levied for the benefit of the taxed.
Ten persons who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent.
		-- Napoleon I
That government is best which governs least.
		-- Henry David Thoreau, "Civil Disobedience"
That's where the money was.
		-- Willie Sutton, on being asked why he robbed a bank

It's a rather pleasant experience to be alone in a bank at night.
		-- Willie Sutton
... The Anarchists' [national] anthem is an international anthem that
consists of 365 raspberries blown in very quick succession to the tune
of "Camptown Races".  Nobody has to stand up for it, nobody has to
listen to it, and, even better, nobody has to play it.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"
The Army needs leaders the way a foot needs a big toe.
		-- Bill Murray
The assertion that "all men are created equal" was of no practical use
in effecting our separation from Great Britain and it was placed in the
Declaration not for that, but for future use.
		-- Abraham Lincoln
The attacker must vanquish; the defender need only survive.
The avoidance of taxes is the only intellectual pursuit that carries any
reward.
		-- John Maynard Keynes
The better the state is established, the fainter is humanity.
To make the individual uncomfortable, that is my task.
		-- Nietzsche
The bureaucracy is expanding to meet the needs of an expanding bureaucracy.
The Constitution may not be perfect, but it's a lot better than what we've got!
The control of the production of wealth is the control of human life itself.
		-- Hilaire Belloc
The Crown is full of it!
		-- Nate Harris, 1775
The danger is not that a particular class is unfit to govern.  Every class
is unfit to govern.
		-- Lord Acton
The degree of civilization in a society can be judged by entering its prisons.
		-- F. Dostoyevski
The dirty work at political conventions is almost always done in the grim
hours between midnight and dawn.  Hangmen and politicians work best when
the human spirit is at its lowest ebb.
		-- Russell Baker
The distinction between Freedom and Liberty is not accurately known;
naturalists have been unable to find a living specimen of either.
		-- Ambrose Bierce
The doctrine of human equality reposes on this: that there is no man
really clever who has not found that he is stupid.
		-- Gilbert K. Chesterson
The end move in politics is always to pick up a gun.
		-- Buckminster Fuller
The eyes of taxes are upon you.
The fact that an opinion has been widely held is no evidence that it is not
utterly absurd; indeed, in view of the silliness of the majority of mankind,
a widespread belief is more often likely to be foolish than sensible.
		-- Bertrand Russell, in "Marriage and Morals", 1929
The fact that people are poor or discriminated against doesn't necessarily
endow them with any special qualities of justice, nobility, charity or
compassion.
		-- Saul Alinsky
The famous politician was trying to save both his faces.
The fashionable drawing rooms of London have always been happy to accept
outsiders -- if only on their own, albeit undemanding terms.  That is to
say, artists, so long as they are not too talented, men of humble birth,
so long as they have since amassed several million pounds, and socialists
so long as they are Tories.
		-- Christopher Booker
The first duty of a revolutionary is to get away with it.
		-- Abbie Hoffman
The founding fathers tried to set up a judicial system where the accused
received a fair trial, not a system to insure an acquittal on technicalities.
	The General disliked trying to explain the highly technical inner
workings of the U.S. Air Force.
	"$7,662 for a ten cup coffee maker, General?" the Senator asked.
	In his head he ran through his standard explanations.  "It's not so,"
he thought.  "It's a deterrent."  Soon he came up with, "It's computerized,
Senator.  Tiny computer chips make coffee that's smooth and full-bodied.  Try
a cup."
	The Senator did.  "Pfffttt!  Tastes like jet fuel!"
	"It's not so," the General thought.  "It's a deterrent."
	Then he remembered something.  "We bought a lot of untested computer
chips," the General answered.  "They got into everything.  Just a little
mix-up.  Nothing serious."
	Then he remembered something else.  It was at the site of the
mysterious B-1 crash.  A strange smell in the fuel lines.  It smelled like
coffee.  Smooth and full bodied...
		-- Another Episode of General's Hospital
The genius of our ruling class is that it has kept a majority of the
people from ever questioning the inequity of a system where most people
drudge along paying heavy taxes for which they get nothing in return.
		-- Gore Vidal
The government has just completed work on a missile that turned out to be a
bit of a boondoggle; nicknamed "Civil Servant", it won't work and they can't
fire it.
The Government just announced today the creation of the Neutron Bomb II.
Similar to the Neutron Bomb, the Neutron Bomb II not only kills people
and leaves buildings standing, but also does a little light housekeeping.
The graveyards are full of indispensable men.
		-- Charles de Gaulle
The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men
of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding.
		-- Justice Louis D. Brandeis
The greatest disloyalty one can offer to great pioneers is to refuse to
move an inch from where they stood.
The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income tax.
		-- Albert Einstein
The hater of property and of government takes care to have his warranty
deed recorded, and the book written against fame and learning has the
author's name on the title page.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson, Journals, 1831
The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality
of functions performed by private citizens.
		-- Alexis de Tocqueville
The income tax has made more liars out of the American people than golf
has.  Even when you make a tax form out on the level, you don't know
when it's through if you are a crook or a martyr.
		-- Will Rogers
The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings;
the inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of misery.
		-- Churchill
The introduction of a new kind of music must be shunned as imperiling the
whole state, for styles of music are never disturbed without affecting
the most important political institutions. ...  The new style, gradually
gaining a lodgement, quitely insinuates itself into manners and customs,
and from it ... goes on to attack laws and constitutions, displaying the
utmost impudence, until it ends by overturning everything.
		-- Plato, "Republic", 370 B.C.
The IRS spends God knows how much of your tax money on these toll-free
information hot lines staffed by IRS employees, whose idea of a dynamite tax
tip is that you should print neatly.  If you ask them a real tax question,
such as how you can cheat, they're useless.

So, for guidance, you want to look to big business.  Big business never pays
a nickel in taxes, according to Ralph Nader, who represents a big consumer
organization that never pays a nickel in taxes...
		-- Dave Barry, "Sweating Out Taxes"
The law will never make men free; it is men who have got to make the law free.
		-- Henry David Thoreau
The Least Successful Executions
	History has furnished us with two executioners worthy of attention.
The first performed in Sydney in Australia.  In 1803 three attempts were
made to hang a Mr. Joseph Samuels.  On the first two of these the rope
snapped, while on the third Mr. Samuels just hung there peacefully until he
and everyone else got bored.  Since he had proved unsusceptible to capital
punishment, he was reprieved.
	The most important British executioner was Mr. James Berry who
tried three times in 1885 to hang Mr. John Lee at Exeter Jail, but on each
occasion failed to get the trap door open.
	In recognition of this achievement, the Home Secretary commuted
Lee's sentence to "life" imprisonment.  He was released in 1917, emigrated
to America and lived until 1933.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
The Least Successful Police Dogs
	America has a very strong candidate in "La Dur", a fearsome looking
schnauzer hound, who was retired from the Orlando police force in Florida
in 1978.  He consistently refused to do anything which might ruffle or
offend the criminal classes.
	His handling officer, Rick Grim, had to admit: "He just won't go up
and bite them.  I got sick and tired of doing that dog's work for him."
	The British contenders in this category, however, took things a
stage further.  "Laddie" and "Boy" were trained as detector dogs for drug
raids.  Their employment was terminated following a raid in the Midlands in
1967.
	While the investigating officer questioned two suspects, they
patted and stroked the dogs who eventually fell asleep in front of the
fire.  When the officer moved to arrest the suspects, one dog growled at
him while the other leapt up and bit his thigh.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
The less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the flag.
		-- Kin Hubbard
The lion and the calf shall lie down together but the calf won't get much sleep.
		-- Woody Allen
"The Lord gave us farmers two strong hands so we could grab as much as
we could with both of them."
		-- Joseph Heller, "Catch-22"
The majority of the stupid is invincible and guaranteed for all time.  The
terror of their tyranny, however, is alleviated by their lack of consistency.
		-- Albert Einstein
The man who follows the crowd will usually get no further than the crowd.  The
man who walks alone is likely to find himself in places no one has ever been.
		-- Alan Ashley-Pitt
The man with the best job in the country is the Vice President.  All he has
to do is get up every morning and say, "How's the President?"
		-- Will Rogers

The vice-presidency ain't worth a pitcher of warm spit.
		-- Vice President John Nance Garner
The mark of the immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a cause,
while the mark of a mature man is that he wants to live humbly for one.
		-- Wilhelm Stekel
	The Minnesota Board of Education voted to consider requiring all
students to do some "volunteer work" as a prerequisite to high school
graduation.
	Senator Orrin Hatch said that "capital punishment is our society's
recognition of the sanctity of human life."
	According to the tax bill signed by President Reagan on December 22,
1987, Don Tyson and his sister-in-law Barbara run a "family farm."  Their
"farm" has 25,000 employees and grosses $1.7 billion a year.  But as a "family
farm" they get tax breaks that save them $135 million a year.
	Scott L. Pickard, spokesperson for the Massachusetts Department of
Public Works, calls them "ground-mounted confirmatory route markers."  You
probably call them road signs, but then you don't work in a government agency.
	It's not "elderly" or "senior citizens" anymore.  Now it's "chrono-
logically experienced citizens."
	According to the FAA, the propeller blade didn't break off, it was
just a case of "uncontained blade liberation."
		-- Quarterly Review of Doublespeak (NCTE)
The Moral Majority is neither.
The more control, the more that requires control.
The more you sweat in peace, the less you bleed in war.
The new Congressmen say they're going to turn the government around.  I
hope I don't get run over again.
The Official Colorado State Vegetable is now the "state legislator".
The only winner in the War of 1812 was Tchaikovsky.
		-- David Gerrold
The poetry of heroism appeals irresitably to those who don't go to a war,
and even more so to those whom the war is making enormously wealthy."
		-- Celine
The polite thing to do has always been to address people as they wish to be
addressed, to treat them in a way they think dignified.  But it is equally
important to accept and tolerate different standards of courtesy, not
expecting everyone else to adapt to one's own preferences.  Only then can
we hope to restore the insult to its proper social function of expressing
true distaste.
		-- Judith Martin, "Miss Manners' Guide to Excruciatingly
		   Correct Behavior"
The politician is someone who deals in man's problems of adjustment.
To ask a politician to lead us is to ask the tail of a dog to lead the dog.
		-- Buckminster Fuller
The price of greatness is responsibility.
The price of seeking to force our beliefs on others is that someday
they might force their beliefs on us.
		-- Mario Cuomo
The primary theme of SoupCon is communication.  The acronym "LEO"
represents the secondary theme:

	Law Enforcement Officials

The overall theme of SoupCon shall be:

	Avoiding Communication with Law Enforcement Officials
		-- M. Gallaher
The problem with most conspiracy theories is that they seem to believe that
for a group of people to behave in a way detrimental to the common good
requires intent.
The problem with this country is that there is no death penalty for
incompetence.
The public demands certainties;  it must be told definitely and a bit
raucously that this is true and that is false.  But there are no certainties.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "Prejudice"
The public is an old woman.  Let her maunder and mumble.
		-- Thomas Carlyle
The Puritan hated bear-baiting, not because it gave pain to the bear, but
because it gave pleasure to the spectators.
		-- Thomas Macaulay, "History of England"
The question is, why are politicians so eager to be president?  What is it
about the job that makes it worth revealing, on national television, that
you have the ethical standards of a slime-coated piece of industrial waste?
		-- Dave Barry, "On Presidential Politics"
The revolution will not be televised.
"The Right Honorable Gentleman is indebted to his memory for his jests
and to his imagination for his facts."
		-- Sheridan
The rule is, jam to-morrow and jam yesterday, but never jam today.
		-- Lewis Carroll
The scum also rises.
		-- Dr. Hunter S. Thompson
The so-called lessons of history are for the most part the rationalizations
of the victors.  History is written by the survivors.
		-- Max Lerner
The time for action is past!  Now is the time for senseless bickering.
The time was the 19th of May, 1780.  The place was Hartford, Connecticut.
The day has gone down in New England history as a terrible foretaste of
Judgement Day.  For at noon the skies turned from blue to grey and by
mid-afternoon had blackened over so densely that, in that religious age,
men fell on their knees and begged a final blessing before the end came.
The Connecticut House of Representatives was in session.  And, as some of
the men fell down and others clamored for an immediate adjournment, the
Speaker of the House, one Col. Davenport, came to his feet.  He silenced
them and said these words: "The day of judgment is either approaching or
it is not.  If it is not, there is no cause for adjournment.  If it is, I
choose to be found doing my duty.  I wish therefore that candles may be
brought."
		-- Alistair Cooke
The trouble with this country is that there are too many politicians
who believe, with a conviction based on experience, that you can fool
all of the people all of the time.
		-- Franklin Adams
The two oldest professions in the world have been ruined by amateurs.
		-- G. B. Shaw
The two party system ... is a triumph of the dialectic.  It showed that
two could be one and one could be two and had probably been fabricated
by Hegel for the American market on a subcontract from General Dynamics.
		-- I. F. Stone
The universe is ruled by letting things take their course.  It cannot be
ruled by interfering.
		-- Chinese proverb
The very powerful and the very stupid have one thing in common.  Instead of
altering their views to fit the facts, they alter the facts to fit their
views ... which can be very uncomfortable if you happen to be one of the
facts that needs altering.
		-- Doctor Who, "Face of Evil"
"The wages of sin are death; but after they're done taking out taxes,
it's just a tired feeling:"
The way I understand it, the Russians are sort of a combination of evil and
incompetence... sort of like the Post Office with tanks.
		-- Emo Philips
The world's great men have not commonly been great scholars, nor its great
scholars great men.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes
The Worst Bank Robbery
	In August 1975 three men were on their way in to rob the Royal Bank of
Scotland at Rothesay, when they got stuck in the revolving doors.  They
had to be helped free by the staff and, after thanking everyone,
sheepishly left the building.
	A few minutes later they returned and announced their intention of
robbing the bank, but none of the staff believed them.  When they demanded
5,000 pounds in cash, the head cashier laughed at them, convinced that it
was a practical joke.
	Then one of the men jumped over the counter, but fell to the floor
clutching his ankle.  The other two tried to make their getaway, but got
trapped in the revolving doors again.
The Worst Prison Guards
	The largest number of convicts ever to escape simultaneously from a
maximum security prison is 124.  This record is held by Alcoente Prison,
near Lisbon in Portugal.
	During the weeks leading up to the escape in July 1978 the prison
warders had noticed that attendances had fallen at film shows which
included "The Great Escape", and also that 220 knives and a huge quantity
of electric cable had disappeared.  A guard explained, "Yes, we were
planning to look for them, but never got around to it."  The warders had
not, however, noticed the gaping holes in the wall because they were
"covered with posters".  Nor did they detect any of the spades, chisels,
water hoses and electric drills amassed by the inmates in large quantities.
The night before the breakout one guard had noticed that of the 36
prisoners in his block only 13 were present.  He said this was "normal"
because inmates sometimes missed roll-call or hid, but usually came back
the next morning.
	"We only found out about the escape at 6:30 the next morning when
one of the prisoners told us," a warder said later.  [...]  When they
eventually checked, the prison guards found that exactly half of the gaol's
population was missing.  By way of explanation the Justice Minister, Dr.
Santos Pais, claimed that the escape was "normal" and part of the
"legitimate desire of the prisoner to regain his liberty."
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
There appears to be irrefutable evidence that the mere fact of overcrowding
induces violence.
		-- Harvey Wheeler
There are a lot of lies going around.... and half of them are true.
		-- Winston Churchill
There are no manifestos like cannon and musketry.
		-- The Duke of Wellington
There are only two things in this world that I am sure of, death and
taxes, and we just might do something about death one of these days.
		-- shades
There are two kinds of fool. One says, "This is old, and therefore good."
And one says, "This is new, and therefore better"
		-- John Brunner, "The Shockwave Rider"
There but for the grace of God, goes God.
		-- Winston Churchill, speaking of Sir Stafford Cripps.
There can be no daily democracy without daily citizenship.
		-- Ralph Nader
There cannot be a crisis next week.  My schedule is already full.
		-- Henry Kissinger
There is a certain impertinence in allowing oneself to be burned for an opinion.
		-- Anatole France
There is hopeful symbolism in the fact that flags do not wave in a vacuum.
		-- Arthur C. Clarke
There is Jackson standing like a stone wall.  Let us determine to die,
and we will conquer.  Follow me.
		-- General Barnard E. Bee (CSA)
There is no act of treachery or mean-ness of which a political party
is not capable; for in politics there is no honour.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli, "Vivian Grey"
There is no education that is not political.  An apolitical
education is also political because it is purposely isolating.
There is no satisfaction in hanging a man who does not object to it.
		-- G. B. Shaw
There is no security on this earth.  There is only opportunity.
		-- General Douglas MacArthur
There is not a man in the country that can't make a living for himself and
family.  But he can't make a living for them *and* his government, too,
the way his government is living.  What the government has got to do is
live as cheap as the people.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers
There is one difference between a tax collector and a taxidermist --
the taxidermist leaves the hide.
		-- Mortimer Caplan
There is only one way to kill capitalism -- by taxes, taxes, and more taxes.
		-- Karl Marx
There is perhaps in every thing of any consequence, secret history, which
it would be amusing to know, could we have it authentically communicated.
		-- James Boswell
There never was a good war or a bad peace.
		-- B. Franklin
There's no trick to being a humorist when you have the whole government
working for you.
		-- Will Rogers
There's nothing in the middle of the road but yellow stripes and dead
armadillos.
		-- Jim Hightower, Texas Agricultural Commissioner
They call them "squares" because it's the most complicated shape they can
deal with.
"They make a desert and call it peace."
		-- Tacitus (55?-120?)
They sentenced me to twenty years of boredom for trying to change the
system from within.  I'm coming now I'm coming to reward them.  First
we take Manhattan, then we take Berlin.

I'm guided by a signal in the heavens.  I'm guided by this birthmark on
my skin.  I'm guided by the beauty of our weapons.  First we take Manhattan,
then we take Berlin.

I'd really like to live beside you, baby.  I love your body and your spirit
and your clothes.  But you see that line there moving through the station?
I told you I told you I told you I was one of those.
		-- Leonard Cohen, "First We Take Manhattan"
"They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary
safety deserve neither liberty nor safety."
		-- Benjamin Franklin, 1759
They use different words for things in America.
For instance they say elevator and we say lift.
They say drapes and we say curtains.
They say president and we say brain damaged git.
		-- Alexie Sayle
They will only cause the lower classes to move about needlessly.
		-- The Duke of Wellington, on early steam railroads.
They're giving bank robbing a bad name.
		-- John Dillinger, on Bonnie and Clyde
Thieves respect property; they merely wish the property to become
their property that they may more perfectly respect it.
		-- G. K. Chesterton, "The Man Who Was Thursday"
This is a country where people are free to practice their religion,
regardless of race, creed, color, obesity, or number of dangling keys...
	Thompson, if he is to be believed, has sampled the entire rainbow of
legal and illegal drugs in heroic efforts to feel better than he does.
	As for the truth about his health: I have asked around about it.  I
am told that he appears to be strong and rosy, and steadily sane.  But we
will be doing what he wants us to do, I think, if we consider his exterior
a sort of Dorian Gray facade.  Inwardly, he is being eaten alive by tinhorn
politicians.
	The disease is fatal.  There is no known cure.  The most we can do
for the poor devil, it seems to me, is to name his disease in his honor.
From this moment on, let all those who feel that Americans can be as easily
led to beauty as to ugliness, to truth as to public relations, to joy as to
bitterness, be said to be suffering from Hunter Thompson's disease.  I don't
have it this morning.  It comes and goes.  This morning I don't have Hunter
Thompson's disease.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut Jr., on Dr. Hunter S. Thompson: Excerpt
		from "A Political Disease", Vonnegut's review of "Fear and
		Loathing: On the Campaign Trail '72"
"Those who do not do politics will be done in by politics."
		-- French Proverb
Those who have had no share in the good fortunes of the mighty
Often have a share in their misfortunes.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "The Caucasian Chalk Circle"
Those who have some means think that the most important thing in the
world is love.  The poor know that it is money.
		-- Gerald Brenan
Those who profess to favor freedom, and yet deprecate agitation, are
men who want rain without thunder and lightning.  They want the ocean
without the roar of its many waters.
		-- Frederick Douglass
To be excellent when engaged in administration is to be like the North
Star.  As it remains in its one position, all the other stars surround it.
		-- Confucius
To make tax forms true they should read "Income Owed Us" and "Incommode You".
To say you got a vote of confidence would be to say you needed a vote of
confidence.
		-- Andrew Young
To think contrary to one's era is heroism.  But to speak against it is madness.
		-- Eugene Ionesco
To use violence is to already be defeated.
		-- Chinese proverb
Today is a good day to bribe a high-ranking public official.
Too often I find that the volume of paper expands to fill the available
briefcases.
		-- Governor Jerry Brown
Travel important today;  Internal Revenue men arrive tomorrow.
Treaties are like roses and young girls -- they last while they last.
		-- Charles DeGaulle
True leadership is the art of changing a group from what it is to what
it ought to be.
		-- Virginia Allan
Two battleships assigned to the training squadron had been at sea on maneuvers
in heavy weather for several days.  I was serving on the lead battleship and
was on watch on the bridge as night fell.  The visibility was poor with patchy
fog, so the Captain remained on the bridge keeping an eye on all activities.
	Shortly after dark, the lookout on the wing of the bridge reported,
"Light, bearing on the starboard bow."
	"Is it steady or moving astern?" the Captain called out.
	Lookout replied, "Steady, Captain," which meant we were on a dangerous
collision course with that ship.
	The Captain then called to the signalman, "Signal that ship: We are on
a collision course, advise you change course 20 degrees."
	Back came a signal "Advisable for you to change course 20 degrees."
	In reply, the Captain said, "Send: I'm a Captain, change course 20
degrees!"
	"I'm a seaman second class," came the reply, "You had better change
course 20 degrees."
	By that time, the Captain was furious. He spit out, "Send: I'm a
battleship, change course 20 degrees."
	Back came the flashing light: "I'm a lighthouse!"
	We changed course.
		-- The Naval Institute's "Proceedings"
"Ubi non accusator, ibi non judex."

(Where there is no police, there is no speed limit.)
		-- Roman Law, trans. Petr Beckmann (1971)
Under a government which imprisons any unjustly, the true place for a
just man is also a prison.
		-- Henry David Thoreau
Under any conditions, anywhere, whatever you are doing, there is some
ordinance under which you can be booked.
		-- Robert D. Sprecht, Rand Corp.
Under capitalism, man exploits man.  Under communism, it's just the opposite.
		-- J. K. Galbraith
Under every stone lurks a politician.
		-- Aristophanes
United Nations, New York, December 25.  The peace and joy of the Christmas
season was marred by a proclamation of a general strike of all the military
forces of the world.  Panic reigns in the hearts of all the patriots of
every persuasion.  Meanwhile, fears of universal disaster sank to an all-time
low over the world.
		-- Isaac Asimov
Unknown person(s) stole the American flag from its pole in Etra Park sometime
between 3pm Jan 17 and 11:30 am Jan 20.  The flag is described as red, white
and blue, having 50 stars and was valued at $40.
		-- Windsor-Heights Herald "Police Blotter", Jan 28, 1987
Unquestionably, there is progress.  The average American now pays out
twice as much in taxes as he formerly got in wages.
		-- H. L. Mencken
Usually, when a lot of men get together, it's called a war.
		-- Mel Brooks, "The Listener"
Veni, vidi, vici.
	[I came, I saw, I conquered].
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar
Very few things happen at the right time, and the rest do not happen
at all.  The conscientious historian will correct these defects.
		-- Herodotus
Victory uber allies!
"Violence accomplishes nothing."  What a contemptible lie!  Raw, naked
violence has settled more issues throughout history than any other method
ever employed.  Perhaps the city fathers of Carthage could debate the
issue, with Hitler and Alexander as judges?
Violence is a sword that has no handle -- you have to hold the blade.
Violence is molding.
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
		-- Salvor Hardin
Vote anarchist.
War doesn't prove who's right, just who's left.
War hath no fury like a non-combatant.
		-- Charles Edward Montague
War is an equal opportunity destroyer.
War is delightful to those who have had no experience of it.
		-- Desiderius Erasmus
War is like love, it always finds a way.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "Mother Courage"
War is much too serious a matter to be entrusted to the military.
		-- Clemenceau
War is peace.  Freedom is slavery.  Ketchup is a vegetable.
War spares not the brave, but the cowardly.
		-- Anacreon
[Washington, D.C.] is the home of... taste for the people -- the big,
the bland and the banal.
		-- Ada Louise Huxtable
Washington, D.C: Fifty square miles almost completely surrounded by reality.
We all declare for liberty, but in using the same word we do not all mean
the same thing.
		-- A. Lincoln
We are all born equal... just some of us are more equal than others.
We are all worms.  But I do believe I am a glowworm.
		-- Winston Churchill
We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
		-- Calvin Coolidge
We have not inherited the earth from our parents, we've borrowed it from
our children.
... we must not judge the society of the future by considering whether or not
we should like to live in it; the question is whether those who have grown up
in it will be happier than those who have grown up in our society or those of
the past.
		-- Joseph Wood Krutch
We should be glad we're living in the time that we are.  If any of us had been
born into a more enlightened age, I'm sure we would have immediately been taken
out and shot.
		-- Strange de Jim
We should have a great many fewer disputes in the world if only words were
taken for what they are, the signs of our ideas only, and not for things
themselves.
		-- John Locke
We should have a Vollyballocracy.  We elect a six-pack of presidents.
Each one serves until they screw up, at which point they rotate.
		-- Dennis Miller
We the unwilling, led by the ungrateful, are doing the impossible.
We've done so much, for so long, with so little,
that we are now qualified to do something with nothing.
We totally deny the allegations, and we're trying to identify the allegators.
We tried to close Ohio's borders and ran into a Constitutional problem.
There's a provision in the Constitution that says you can't close your
borders to interstate commerce, and garbage is a form of interstate commerce.
		-- Ohio Lt. Governor Paul Leonard
We'll try to cooperate fully with the IRS, because, as citizens, we feel
a strong patriotic duty not to go to jail.
		-- Dave Barry
Well, don't worry about it...  It's nothing.
		-- Lieutenant Kermit Tyler (Duty Officer of Shafter Information
		   Center, Hawaii), upon being informed that Private Joseph
		   Lockard had picked up a radar signal of what appeared to be
		   at least 50 planes soaring toward Oahu at almost 180 miles
		   per hour, December 7, 1941.
Well, he didn't know what to do, so he decided to look at the government,
to see what they did, and scale it down and run his life that way.
		-- Laurie Anderson
What a strange game.  The only winning move is not to play.
		-- WOP, "War Games"
What does it take for Americans to do great things; to go to the moon, to
win wars, to dig canals linking oceans, to build railroads across a continent?
In independent thought about this question, Neil Armstrong and I concluded
that it takes a coincidence of four conditions, or in Neil's view, the
simultaneous peaking of four of the many cycles of American life.  First, a
base of technology must exist from which to do the thing to be done.  Second,
a period of national uneasiness about America's place in the scheme of human
activities must exist.  Third, some catalytic event must occur that focuses
the national attention upon the direction to proceed.  Finally, an articulate
and wise leader must sense these first three conditions and put forth with
words and action the great thing to be accomplished.  The motivation of young
Americans to do what needs to be done flows from such a coincidence of
conditions. ...  The Thomas Jeffersons, The Teddy Roosevelts, The John
Kennedys appear.  We must begin to create the tools of leadership which they,
and their young frontiersmen, will require to lead us onward and upward.
		-- Dr. Harrison H. Schmidt
"What George Washington did for us was to throw out the British, so that we
wouldn't have a fat, insensitive government running our country. Nice try
anyway, George."
		-- D. J. on KSFO/KYA
What I want is all of the power and none of the responsibility.
What is status?
	Status is when the President calls you for your opinion.

Uh, no...
	Status is when the President calls you in to discuss a
	problem with him.

Uh, that still ain't right...
	STATUS is when you're in the Oval Office talking to the President,
	and the phone rings.  The President picks it up, listens for a
	minute, and hands it to you, saying, "It's for you."
What is the robbing of a bank compared to the founding of a bank?
		-- Bertold Brecht
What is the sound of one hand clapping?
What orators lack in depth they make up in length.
What we need is either less corruption, or more chance to participate in it.
What's a cult?  It just means not enough people to make a minority.
		-- Robert Altman
When a man assumes a public trust, he should consider himself as public
property.
		-- Thomas Jefferson
When a place gets crowded enough to require ID's, social collapse is not
far away.  It is time to go elsewhere.  The best thing about space travel
is that it made it possible to go elsewhere.
		-- R. A. Heinlein, "Time Enough For Love"
When a shepherd goes to kill a wolf, and takes his dog along to see
the sport, he should take care to avoid mistakes.  The dog has certain
relationships to the wolf the shepherd may have forgotten.
		-- Robert Pirsig, "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance"
When asked by an anthropologist what the Indians called America before
the white men came, an Indian said simply "Ours."
		-- Vine Deloria, Jr.
When I came back to Dublin I was courtmartialed in my absence and sentenced
to death in my absence, so I said they could shoot me in my absence.
		-- Brendan Behan
When I hear a man applauded by the mob I always feel a pang of pity
for him.  All he has to do to be hissed is to live long enough.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "Minority Report"
When I was a boy I was told that anybody could become President.  Now
I'm beginning to believe it.
		-- Clarence Darrow
When in doubt, do what the President does -- guess.
When neither their poverty nor their honor is touched, the majority of men
live content.
		-- Niccolo Machiavelli
When smashing monuments, save the pedstals -- they always come in handy.
		-- Stanislaw Jerzy Lec, "Unkempt Thoughts"
When some people decide it's time for everyone to make big changes,
it means that they want you to change first.
When taxes are due, Americans tend to feel quite bled-white and blue.
When the government bureau's remedies don't match your problem, you modify
the problem, not the remedy.
When the revolution comes, count your change.
When we are planning for posterity, we ought to remember that virtue is
not hereditary.
		-- Thomas Paine
When we jumped into Sicily, the units became separated, and I couldn't find
anyone.  Eventually I stumbled across two colonels, a major, three captains,
two lieutenants, and one rifleman, and we secured the bridge.  Never in the
history of war have so few been led by so many.
		-- General James Gavin
When you go into court you are putting your fate into the hands of twelve
people who weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty.
		-- Norm Crosby
When you have an efficient government, you have a dictatorship.
		-- Harry Truman
When you have to kill a man it costs nothing to be polite.
		-- Winston Churchill, on formal declarations of war
When you live in a sick society, just about everything you do is wrong.
When you say that you agree to a thing in principle, you mean that
you have not the slightest intention of carrying it out in practice.
		-- Otto Von Bismarck
When you're in command, command.
		-- Admiral Nimitz
Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel a strong impulse to
see it tried on him personally.
		-- Abraham Lincoln
Where the system is concerned, you're not allowed to ask "Why?".
Where you stand depends on where you sit.
		-- Rufus Miles, HEW
Why bother building any more nuclear warheads until we use the ones we have?
Why can't you be a non-conformist like everyone else?
Why don't somebody print the truth about our present economic condition?
We spent years of wild buying on credit, everything under the sun, whether
we needed it or not, and now we are having to pay for it, howling like a
pet coon.  This would be a great world to dance in if we didn't have to
pay the fiddler.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers
	Will Rogers, having paid too much income tax one year, tried in
vain to claim a rebate.  His numerous letters and queries remained
unanswered.  Eventually the form for the next year's return arrived.  In
the section marked "DEDUCTIONS," Rogers listed: "Bad debt, US Government
-- $40,000."
	... with liberty and justice for all ... who can afford it.
With reasonable men I will reason;
with humane men I will plead;
but to tyrants I will give no quarter.
		-- William Lloyd Garrison
Workers of the world, arise!  You have nothing to lose but your chairs.
World tensions have, if anything, increased in the quarter century since
H. G. Wells uttered his glum warning: "There is no more evil thing on
earth than race prejudice, none at all.  I write deliberately -- it is
the worst single thing in life now.  It justifies and holds together more
baseness, cruelty and abomination than any other sort of error in the world."
		-- Sydney Harris
World War Three can be averted by adherence to a strictly enforced dress code!
	"Wrong," said Renner.
	"The tactful way," Rod said quietly, "the polite way to disagree with
the Senator would be to say, `That turns out not to be the case.'"
You can have peace.  Or you can have freedom. Don't ever count on having
both at once.
		-- Lazarus Long
You first have to decide whether to use the short or the long form. The
short form is what the Internal Revenue Service calls "simplified", which
means it is designed for people who need the help of a Sears tax-preparation
expert to distinguish between their first and last names.  Here's the
complete text:

"(1) How much did you make?  (AMOUNT)
(2) How much did we here at the government take out?  (AMOUNT)
(3) Hey!  Sounds like we took too much!  So we're going to
     send an official government check for (ONE-FIFTEENTH OF
     THE AMOUNT WE TOOK) directly to the (YOUR LAST NAME)
     household at (YOUR ADDRESS), for you to spend in any way
     you please! Which just goes to show you, (YOUR FIRST
     NAME), that it pays to file the short form!"

The IRS wants you to use this form because it gets to keep most of your
money.  So unless you have pond silt for brains, you want the long form.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sweating Out Taxes"
You have all the characteristics of a popular politician: a horrible voice,
bad breeding, and a vulgar manner.
		-- Aristophanes
You must include all income you receive in the form of money, property
and services if it is not specifically exempt.  Report property (goods)
and services at their fair market values.  Examples include income from
bartering or swapping transactions, side commissions, kickbacks, rent
paid in services, illegal activities (such as stealing, drugs, etc.),
cash skimming by proprietors and tradesmen, "moonlighting" services,
gambling, prizes and awards.  Not reporting such income can lead to
prosecution for perjury and fraud.
		-- Excerpt from Taxachussetts income tax forms
You roll my log, and I will roll yours.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca
You should never wear your best trousers when you go out to fight for
freedom and liberty.
		-- Henrik Ibsen
I do not patronize poor, ill educated, or disenfranchised people by
exempting them from the same critical examination I feel free to
direct toward the rest of society, however much I might champion the
same minority or disadvantaged group in the forums of that society.
		-- James Moffitt
Is uniformity attainable?  Millions of innocent men, women, and
children, since the introduction of Christianity, have been burnt,
tortured, fined, imprisoned; yet we have not advanced one inch towards
uniformity.  What has been the effect of coercion?  To make one half
of the world fools, and the other half hypocrites.
		-- Thomas Jefferson
The human instinct to censor thrives, as it always will, living in
irrepressible conflict with the human instinct to speak.  Outrage,
self-righteousness, and paranoia feed the maw of censorship.
Squelching speech, however, never reduces society's net paranoia
quotient; it simply redirects it, drives it underground, where it
festers into more dangerous hysterias.  In the words of Justice
Brandeis, "Men feared witches and burned women."
		-- Rodney Smolla, "Free Speech in an Open Society", p. 43.
As long as there are entrenched social and political distinctions
between sexes, races or classes, there will be forms of science whose
main function is to rationalize and legitimize these distinctions.
		-- Elizabeth Fee
Cautious, careful people always casting about to preserve their
reputation or social standards never can bring about reform.  Those
who are totally in earnest are willing to be anything or nothing in
the world's estimation, and publicly and privately, in season and
out, avow their sympathies with despised ideas and their advocates,
and bear the consequences.
		-- Susan B. Anthony (1873)
"Even if you want no state, or a minimal state, then you still have to
argue it point by point.  Especially since most minimalists want to
keep exactly the economic and police system that keeps them
privileged.  That's libertarians for you -- anarchists who want police
protection from their slaves!"
		-- Coyote, in Kim Stanley Robinson's "Green Mars"
And they mainly want to teach them not to question, not to imagine,
but to be obedient and behave well so that they can hold them forever as
children to their bosom as the second millennium lurches toward its
panicky close.
		-- Jerome Stern
I've no regrets. I was sincere in everything I said.
		-- Former Iraqi Information Minister Mohammed Saeed al-Sahaf,
		   annoucing his new book
The first sign of corruption in a society that is still alive is that
the end justifies the means.
		-- Georges Bernanos (1888-1948),
       "Why Freedom?" The last essays of George Bernanos" (1955)
"[W]hen the policy you are adopting is worse for everybody than a policy
 you agree is stupid, the policy you are adopting is best characterized
 as really stupid."
    -- Brad DeLong (2009)
"When the hopes of hundreds of millions are at stake, thinking things
 through is not just good intellectual practice. It is a moral duty."
    -- Paul Krugman, "In Praise of Cheap Labor"
"For the most part, Democrats don't question the Republican's right to govern
when they win elections"

Heck, Democrats don't question the Republican's right to govern even when
Democrats win elections.
    -- Moopheus, on scienceblogs.com
A can of ASPARAGUS, 73 pigeons, some LIVE ammo, and a FROZEN DAQUIRI!!
A dwarf is passing out somewhere in Detroit!
A shapely CATHOLIC SCHOOLGIRL is FIDGETING inside my costume..
A wide-eyed, innocent UNICORN, poised delicately in a MEADOW filled
with LILACS, LOLLIPOPS & small CHILDREN at the HUSH of twilight??
Actually, what I'd like is a little toy spaceship!!
All I can think of is a platter of organic PRUNE CRISPS being trampled
by an army of swarthy, Italian LOUNGE SINGERS ...
All of a sudden, I want to THROW OVER my promising ACTING CAREER, grow
a LONG BLACK BEARD and wear a BASEBALL HAT!! ...  Although I don't know WHY!!
All of life is a blur of Republicans and meat!
All right, you degenerates!  I want this place evacuated in 20 seconds!
All this time I've been VIEWING a RUSSIAN MIDGET SODOMIZE a HOUSECAT!
Alright, you!!  Imitate a WOUNDED SEAL pleading for a PARKING SPACE!!
Am I accompanied by a PARENT or GUARDIAN?
Am I elected yet?
Am I in GRADUATE SCHOOL yet?
Am I SHOPLIFTING?
America!!  I saw it all!!  Vomiting!  Waving!  JERRY FALWELLING into
your void tube of UHF oblivion!!  SAFEWAY of the mind ...
An air of FRENCH FRIES permeates my nostrils!!
An INK-LING?  Sure -- TAKE one!!  Did you BUY any COMMUNIST UNIFORMS??
An Italian is COMBING his hair in suburban DES MOINES!
And furthermore, my bowling average is unimpeachable!!!
ANN JILLIAN'S HAIR makes LONI ANDERSON'S HAIR look like RICARDO
MONTALBAN'S HAIR!
Are the STEWED PRUNES still in the HAIR DRYER?
Are we live or on tape?
Are we on STRIKE yet?
Are we THERE yet?
Are we THERE yet?  My MIND is a SUBMARINE!!
Are you mentally here at Pizza Hut??
Are you selling NYLON OIL WELLS??  If so, we can use TWO DOZEN!!
Are you still an ALCOHOLIC?
As President I have to go vacuum my coin collection!
Awright, which one of you hid my PENIS ENVY?
BARBARA STANWYCK makes me nervous!!
Barbie says, Take quaaludes in gin and go to a disco right away!
But Ken says, WOO-WOO!!  No credit at "Mr. Liquor"!!
BARRY ... That was the most HEART-WARMING rendition of "I DID IT MY
WAY" I've ever heard!!
Being a BALD HERO is almost as FESTIVE as a TATTOOED KNOCKWURST.
BELA LUGOSI is my co-pilot ...
BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-
... bleakness ... desolation ... plastic forks ...
Bo Derek ruined my life!
Boy, am I glad it's only 1971...
Boys, you have ALL been selected to LEAVE th' PLANET in 15 minutes!!
But they went to MARS around 1953!!
But was he mature enough last night at the lesbian masquerade?
Can I have an IMPULSE ITEM instead?
Can you MAIL a BEAN CAKE?
Catsup and Mustard all over the place!  It's the Human Hamburger!
CHUBBY CHECKER just had a CHICKEN SANDWICH in downtown DULUTH!
Civilization is fun!  Anyway, it keeps me busy!!
Clear the laundromat!!  This whirl-o-matic just had a nuclear meltdown!!
Concentrate on th'cute, li'l CARTOON GUYS!  Remember the SERIAL
NUMBERS!!  Follow the WHIPPLE AVE. EXIT!!  Have a FREE PEPSI!!  Turn
LEFT at th'HOLIDAY INN!!  JOIN the CREDIT WORLD!!  MAKE me an OFFER!!!
CONGRATULATIONS!  Now should I make thinly veiled comments about
DIGNITY, self-esteem and finding TRUE FUN in your RIGHT VENTRICLE??
Content:  80% POLYESTER, 20% DACRONi ... The waitress's UNIFORM sheds
TARTAR SAUCE like an 8" by 10" GLOSSY ...
Could I have a drug overdose?
Did an Italian CRANE OPERATOR just experience uninhibited sensations in
a MALIBU HOT TUB?
Did I do an INCORRECT THING??
Did I say I was a sardine?  Or a bus???
Did I SELL OUT yet??
Did YOU find a DIGITAL WATCH in YOUR box of VELVEETA?
Did you move a lot of KOREAN STEAK KNIVES this trip, Dingy?
DIDI ... is that a MARTIAN name, or, are we in ISRAEL?
Didn't I buy a 1951 Packard from you last March in Cairo?
Disco oil bussing will create a throbbing naugahide pipeline running
straight to the tropics from the rug producing regions and devalue the dollar!
Do I have a lifestyle yet?
Do you guys know we just passed thru a BLACK HOLE in space?
Do you have exactly what I want in a plaid poindexter bar bat??
Do you like "TENDER VITTLES"?
Do you think the "Monkees" should get gas on odd or even days?
Does someone from PEORIA have a SHORTER ATTENTION span than me?
does your DRESSING ROOM have enough ASPARAGUS?
DON'T go!!  I'm not HOWARD COSELL!!  I know POLISH JOKES ... WAIT!!
Don't go!!  I AM Howard Cosell! ... And I DON'T know Polish jokes!!
Don't hit me!!  I'm in the Twilight Zone!!!
Don't SANFORIZE me!!
Don't worry, nobody really LISTENS to lectures in MOSCOW, either! ...
FRENCH, HISTORY, ADVANCED CALCULUS, COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, BLACK
STUDIES, SOCIOBIOLOGY! ...  Are there any QUESTIONS??
Edwin Meese made me wear CORDOVANS!!
Eisenhower!!  Your mimeograph machine upsets my stomach!!
Either CONFESS now or we go to "PEOPLE'S COURT"!!
Everybody gets free BORSCHT!
Everybody is going somewhere!!  It's probably a garage sale or a
disaster Movie!!
Everywhere I look I see NEGATIVITY and ASPHALT ...
Excuse me, but didn't I tell you there's NO HOPE for the survival of
OFFSET PRINTING?
FEELINGS are cascading over me!!!
Finally, Zippy drives his 1958 RAMBLER METROPOLITAN into the faculty
dining room.
First, I'm going to give you all the ANSWERS to today's test ...  So
just plug in your SONY WALKMANS and relax!!
FOOLED you!  Absorb EGO SHATTERING impulse rays, polyester poltroon!!
for ARTIFICIAL FLAVORING!!
Four thousand different MAGNATES, MOGULS & NABOBS are romping in my
gothic solarium!!
FROZEN ENTREES may be flung by members of opposing SWANSON SECTS ...
FUN is never having to say you're SUSHI!!
Gee, I feel kind of LIGHT in the head now, knowing I can't make my
satellite dish PAYMENTS!
Gibble, Gobble, we ACCEPT YOU ...
Give them RADAR-GUIDED SKEE-BALL LANES and VELVEETA BURRITOS!!
Go on, EMOTE!  I was RAISED on thought balloons!!
GOOD-NIGHT, everybody ... Now I have to go administer FIRST-AID to my
pet LEISURE SUIT!!
HAIR TONICS, please!!
Half a mind is a terrible thing to waste!
Hand me a pair of leather pants and a CASIO keyboard -- I'm living for today!
Has everybody got HALVAH spread all over their ANKLES?? ...  Now, it's
time to "HAVE A NAGEELA"!!
... he dominates the DECADENT SUBWAY SCENE.
He is the MELBA-BEING ... the ANGEL CAKE ... XEROX him ... XEROX him --
He probably just wants to take over my CELLS and then EXPLODE inside me
like a BARREL of runny CHOPPED LIVER!  Or maybe he'd like to
PSYCHOLIGICALLY TERRORISE ME until I have no objection to a RIGHT-WING
MILITARY TAKEOVER of my apartment!!  I guess I should call AL PACINO!
HELLO KITTY gang terrorizes town, family STICKERED to death!
HELLO, everybody, I'm a HUMAN!!
Hello, GORRY-O!!  I'm a GENIUS from HARVARD!!
Hello.  I know the divorce rate among unmarried Catholic Alaskan females!!
Hello.  Just walk along and try NOT to think about your INTESTINES
being almost FORTY YARDS LONG!!
Hello...  IRON CURTAIN?  Send over a SAUSAGE PIZZA!  World War III?  No thanks!
Hello?  Enema Bondage?  I'm calling because I want to be happy, I guess ...
Here I am at the flea market but nobody is buying my urine sample bottles ...
Here I am in 53 B.C. and all I want is a dill pickle!!
Here I am in the POSTERIOR OLFACTORY LOBULE but I don't see CARL SAGAN
anywhere!!
Here we are in America ... when do we collect unemployment?
Hey, wait a minute!!  I want a divorce!! ... you're not Clint Eastwood!!
Hey, waiter!  I want a NEW SHIRT and a PONY TAIL with lemon sauce!
Hiccuping & trembling into the WASTE DUMPS of New Jersey like some
drunken CABBAGE PATCH DOLL, coughing in line at FIORUCCI'S!!
Hmmm ... a CRIPPLED ACCOUNTANT with a FALAFEL sandwich is HIT by a
TROLLEY-CAR ...
Hmmm ... A hash-singer and a cross-eyed guy were SLEEPING on a deserted
island, when ...
Hmmm ... a PINHEAD, during an EARTHQUAKE, encounters an ALL-MIDGET
FIDDLE ORCHESTRA ... ha ... ha ...
Hmmm ... an arrogant bouquet with a subtle suggestion of POLYVINYL
CHLORIDE ...
Hold the MAYO & pass the COSMIC AWARENESS ...
HOORAY, Ronald!!  Now YOU can marry LINDA RONSTADT too!!
How do I get HOME?
How do you explain Wayne Newton's POWER over millions?  It's th' MOUSTACHE
...  Have you ever noticed th' way it radiates SINCERITY, HONESTY & WARMTH?
It's a MOUSTACHE you want to take HOME and introduce to NANCY SINATRA!
How many retured bricklayers from FLORIDA are out purchasing PENCIL
SHARPENERS right NOW??
How's it going in those MODULAR LOVE UNITS??
How's the wife?  Is she at home enjoying capitalism?
hubub, hubub, HUBUB, hubub, hubub, hubub, HUBUB, hubub, hubub, hubub.
HUGH BEAUMONT died in 1982!!
HUMAN REPLICAS are inserted into VATS of NUTRITIONAL YEAST ...
I always have fun because I'm out of my mind!!!
I am a jelly donut.  I am a jelly donut.
I am a traffic light, and Alan Ginzberg kidnapped my laundry in 1927!
I am covered with pure vegetable oil and I am writing a best seller!
I am deeply CONCERNED and I want something GOOD for BREAKFAST!
I am having FUN...  I wonder if it's NET FUN or GROSS FUN?
I am NOT a nut....
I appoint you ambassador to Fantasy Island!!!
I brought my BOWLING BALL -- and some DRUGS!!
I can't decide which WRONG TURN to make first!!  I wonder if BOB
GUCCIONE has these problems!
I can't think about that.  It doesn't go with HEDGES in the shape of
LITTLE LULU -- or ROBOTS making BRICKS ...
I demand IMPUNITY!
I didn't order any WOO-WOO ... Maybe a YUBBA ... But no WOO-WOO!
I don't believe there really IS a GAS SHORTAGE.. I think it's all just
a BIG HOAX on the part of the plastic sign salesmen -- to sell more numbers!!
... I don't know why but, suddenly, I want to discuss declining I.Q.
LEVELS with a blue ribbon SENATE SUB-COMMITTEE!
I don't know WHY I said that ... I think it came from the FILLINGS in
my rear molars ...
... I don't like FRANK SINATRA or his CHILDREN.
I don't understand the HUMOUR of the THREE STOOGES!!
I feel ... JUGULAR ...
I feel better about world problems now!
I feel like a wet parking meter on Darvon!
I feel like I am sharing a ``CORN-DOG'' with NIKITA KHRUSCHEV ...
I feel like I'm in a Toilet Bowl with a thumbtack in my forehead!!
I feel partially hydrogenated!
I fill MY industrial waste containers with old copies of the "WATCHTOWER"
and then add HAWAIIAN PUNCH to the top ...  They look NICE in the yard ...
I guess it was all a DREAM ... or an episode of HAWAII FIVE-O ...
I guess you guys got BIG MUSCLES from doing too much STUDYING!
I had a lease on an OEDIPUS COMPLEX back in '81 ...
I had pancake makeup for brunch!
I have a TINY BOWL in my HEAD
I have a very good DENTAL PLAN.  Thank you.
I have a VISION!  It's a RANCID double-FISHWICH on an ENRICHED BUN!!
I have accepted Provolone into my life!
I have many CHARTS and DIAGRAMS..
... I have read the INSTRUCTIONS ...
-- I have seen the FUN --
I have seen these EGG EXTENDERS in my Supermarket ... I have read the
INSTRUCTIONS ...
I have the power to HALT PRODUCTION on all TEENAGE SEX COMEDIES!!
I HAVE to buy a new "DODGE MISER" and two dozen JORDACHE JEANS because
my viewscreen is "USER-FRIENDLY"!!
I haven't been married in over six years, but we had sexual counseling
every day from Oral Roberts!!
I hope I bought the right relish ... zzzzzzzzz ...
I hope something GOOD came in the mail today so I have a REASON to live!!
I hope the ``Eurythmics'' practice birth control ...
I hope you millionaires are having fun!  I just invested half your life
savings in yeast!!
I invented skydiving in 1989!
I joined scientology at a garage sale!!
I just forgot my whole philosophy of life!!!
I just got my PRINCE bumper sticker ... But now I can't remember WHO he is ...
I just had a NOSE JOB!!
I just had my entire INTESTINAL TRACT coated with TEFLON!
I just heard the SEVENTIES were over!!  And I was just getting in touch
with my LEISURE SUIT!!
I just remembered something about a TOAD!
I KAISER ROLL?!  What good is a Kaiser Roll without a little COLE SLAW
on the SIDE?
I Know A Joke!!
I know how to do SPECIAL EFFECTS!!
I know th'MAMBO!!  I have a TWO-TONE CHEMISTRY SET!!
I know things about TROY DONAHUE that can't even be PRINTED!!
I left my WALLET in the BATHROOM!!
I like the way ONLY their mouths move ...  They look like DYING OYSTERS
I like your SNOOPY POSTER!!
-- I love KATRINKA because she drives a PONTIAC.  We're going away
now.  I fed the cat.
I love ROCK 'N ROLL!  I memorized the all WORDS to "WIPE-OUT" in
1965!!
I need to discuss BUY-BACK PROVISIONS with at least six studio SLEAZEBALLS!!
I once decorated my apartment entirely in ten foot salad forks!!
I own seven-eighths of all the artists in downtown Burbank!
I put aside my copy of "BOWLING WORLD" and think about GUN CONTROL
legislation...
I represent a sardine!!
I request a weekend in Havana with Phil Silvers!
... I see TOILET SEATS ...
I selected E5 ... but I didn't hear "Sam the Sham and the Pharoahs"!
I smell a RANCID CORN DOG!
I smell like a wet reducing clinic on Columbus Day!
I think I am an overnight sensation right now!!
... I think I'd better go back to my DESK and toy with a few common
MISAPPREHENSIONS ...
I think I'll KILL myself by leaping out of this 14th STORY WINDOW while
reading ERICA JONG'S poetry!!
I think my career is ruined!
I used to be a FUNDAMENTALIST, but then I heard about the HIGH
RADIATION LEVELS and bought an ENCYCLOPEDIA!!
... I want a COLOR T.V. and a VIBRATING BED!!!
I want a VEGETARIAN BURRITO to go ... with EXTRA MSG!!
I want a WESSON OIL lease!!
I want another RE-WRITE on my CEASAR SALAD!!
I want EARS!  I want two ROUND BLACK EARS to make me feel warm 'n secure!!
... I want FORTY-TWO TRYNEL FLOATATION SYSTEMS installed within
SIX AND A HALF HOURS!!!
I want the presidency so bad I can already taste the hors d'oeuvres.
I want to dress you up as TALLULAH BANKHEAD and cover you with VASELINE
and WHEAT THINS ...
I want to kill everyone here with a cute colorful Hydrogen Bomb!!
... I want to perform cranial activities with Tuesday Weld!!
I want to read my new poem about pork brains and outer space ...
I want to so HAPPY, the VEINS in my neck STAND OUT!!
I want you to MEMORIZE the collected poems of EDNA ST VINCENT MILLAY
... BACKWARDS!!
I want you to organize my PASTRY trays ... my TEA-TINS are gleaming in
formation like a ROW of DRUM MAJORETTES -- please don't be FURIOUS with me --
I was born in a Hostess Cupcake factory before the sexual revolution!
I was making donuts and now I'm on a bus!
I wish I was a sex-starved manicurist found dead in the Bronx!!
I wish I was on a Cincinnati street corner holding a clean dog!
I wonder if I could ever get started in the credit world?
I wonder if I ought to tell them about my PREVIOUS LIFE as a COMPLETE
STRANGER?
I wonder if I should put myself in ESCROW!!
I wonder if there's anything GOOD on tonight?
I would like to urinate in an OVULAR, porcelain pool --
I'd like MY data-base JULIENNED and stir-fried!
I'd like some JUNK FOOD ... and then I want to be ALONE --
I'll eat ANYTHING that's BRIGHT BLUE!!
I'll show you MY telex number if you show me YOURS ...
I'm a fuschia bowling ball somewhere in Brittany
I'm a GENIUS!  I want to dispute sentence structure with SUSAN SONTAG!!
I'm a nuclear submarine under the polar ice cap and I need a Kleenex!
I'm also against BODY-SURFING!!
I'm also pre-POURED pre-MEDITATED and pre-RAPHAELITE!!
I'm ANN LANDERS!!  I can SHOPLIFT!!
I'm changing the CHANNEL ... But all I get is commercials for "RONCO
MIRACLE BAMBOO STEAMERS"!
I'm continually AMAZED at th'breathtaking effects of WIND EROSION!!
I'm definitely not in Omaha!
I'm DESPONDENT ... I hope there's something DEEP-FRIED under this
miniature DOMED STADIUM ...
I'm dressing up in an ill-fitting IVY-LEAGUE SUIT!!  Too late...
I'm EMOTIONAL now because I have MERCHANDISING CLOUT!!
I'm encased in the lining of a pure pork sausage!!
I'm GLAD I remembered to XEROX all my UNDERSHIRTS!!
I'm gliding over a NUCLEAR WASTE DUMP near ATLANTA, Georgia!!
I'm having a BIG BANG THEORY!!
I'm having a MID-WEEK CRISIS!
I'm having a RELIGIOUS EXPERIENCE ... and I don't take any DRUGS
I'm having a tax-deductible experience!  I need an energy crunch!!
I'm having an emotional outburst!!
I'm having an EMOTIONAL OUTBURST!!  But, uh, WHY is there a WAFFLE in
my PAJAMA POCKET??
I'm having BEAUTIFUL THOUGHTS about the INSIPID WIVES of smug and
wealthy CORPORATE LAWYERS ...
I'm having fun HITCHHIKING to CINCINNATI or FAR ROCKAWAY!!
... I'm IMAGINING a sensuous GIRAFFE, CAVORTING in the BACK ROOM
of a KOSHER DELI --
I'm in direct contact with many advanced fun CONCEPTS.
I'm into SOFTWARE!
I'm meditating on the FORMALDEHYDE and the ASBESTOS leaking into my
PERSONAL SPACE!!
I'm mentally OVERDRAWN!  What's that SIGNPOST up ahead?  Where's ROD
STERLING when you really need him?
I'm not an Iranian!!  I voted for Dianne Feinstein!!
I'm not available for comment..
I'm pretending I'm pulling in a TROUT!  Am I doing it correctly??
I'm pretending that we're all watching PHIL SILVERS instead of RICARDO
MONTALBAN!
I'm QUIETLY reading the latest issue of "BOWLING WORLD" while my wife
and two children stand QUIETLY BY ...
I'm rated PG-34!!
I'm receiving a coded message from EUBIE BLAKE!!
I'm RELIGIOUS!!  I love a man with a HAIRPIECE!!  Equip me with MISSILES!!
I'm reporting for duty as a modern person.  I want to do the Latin Hustle now!
I'm shaving!!  I'M SHAVING!!
I'm sitting on my SPEED QUEEN ... To me, it's ENJOYABLE ... I'm WARM
... I'm VIBRATORY ...
I'm thinking about DIGITAL READ-OUT systems and computer-generated
IMAGE FORMATIONS ...
I'm totally DESPONDENT over the LIBYAN situation and the price of CHICKEN ...
I'm using my X-RAY VISION to obtain a rare glimpse of the INNER
WORKINGS of this POTATO!!
I'm wearing PAMPERS!!
I'm wet!  I'm wild!
I'm young ... I'm HEALTHY ... I can HIKE THRU CAPT GROGAN'S LUMBAR REGIONS!
I'm ZIPPY the PINHEAD and I'm totally committed to the festive mode.
I've got a COUSIN who works in the GARMENT DISTRICT ...
I've got an IDEA!!  Why don't I STARE at you so HARD, you forget your
SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER!!
I've read SEVEN MILLION books!!
... ich bin in einem dusenjet ins jahr 53 vor chr ... ich lande im
antiken Rom ...  einige gladiatoren spielen scrabble ... ich rieche
PIZZA ...
If a person is FAMOUS in this country, they have to go on the ROAD for
MONTHS at a time and have their name misspelled on the SIDE of a
GREYHOUND SCENICRUISER!!
If elected, Zippy pledges to each and every American a 55-year-old houseboy ...
If I am elected no one will ever have to do their laundry again!
If I am elected, the concrete barriers around the WHITE HOUSE will be
replaced by tasteful foam replicas of ANN MARGARET!
If I felt any more SOPHISTICATED I would DIE of EMBARRASSMENT!
If I had a Q-TIP, I could prevent th' collapse of NEGOTIATIONS!!
... If I had heart failure right now, I couldn't be a more fortunate man!!
If I pull this SWITCH I'll be RITA HAYWORTH!!  Or a SCIENTOLOGIST!
if it GLISTENS, gobble it!!
If our behavior is strict, we do not need fun!
If Robert Di Niro assassinates Walter Slezak, will Jodie Foster marry Bonzo??
In 1962, you could buy a pair of SHARKSKIN SLACKS, with a "Continental
Belt," for $10.99!!
In Newark the laundromats are open 24 hours a day!
INSIDE, I have the same personality disorder as LUCY RICARDO!!
Inside, I'm already SOBBING!
Is a tattoo real, like a curb or a battleship?  Or are we suffering in Safeway?
Is he the MAGIC INCA carrying a FROG on his shoulders??  Is the FROG
his GUIDELIGHT??  It is curious that a DOG runs already on the ESCALATOR ...
Is it 1974?  What's for SUPPER?  Can I spend my COLLEGE FUND in one
wild afternoon??
Is it clean in other dimensions?
Is it NOUVELLE CUISINE when 3 olives are struggling with a scallop in a
plate of SAUCE MORNAY?
Is something VIOLENT going to happen to a GARBAGE CAN?
Is this an out-take from the "BRADY BUNCH"?
Is this going to involve RAW human ecstasy?
Is this TERMINAL fun?
Is this the line for the latest whimsical YUGOSLAVIAN drama which also
makes you want to CRY and reconsider the VIETNAM WAR?
Isn't this my STOP?!
It don't mean a THING if you ain't got that SWING!!
It was a JOKE!!  Get it??  I was receiving messages from DAVID LETTERMAN!!
YOW!!
It's a lot of fun being alive ... I wonder if my bed is made?!?
It's NO USE ... I've gone to "CLUB MED"!!
It's OBVIOUS ... The FURS never reached ISTANBUL ... You were an EXTRA
in the REMAKE of "TOPKAPI" ... Go home to your WIFE ... She's making
FRENCH TOAST!
It's OKAY -- I'm an INTELLECTUAL, too.
It's the RINSE CYCLE!!  They've ALL IGNORED the RINSE CYCLE!!
JAPAN is a WONDERFUL planet -- I wonder if we'll ever reach their level
of COMPARATIVE SHOPPING ...
Jesuit priests are DATING CAREER DIPLOMATS!!
Jesus is my POSTMASTER GENERAL ...
Kids, don't gross me off ... "Adventures with MENTAL HYGIENE" can be
carried too FAR!
Kids, the seven basic food groups are GUM, PUFF PASTRY, PIZZA,
PESTICIDES, ANTIBIOTICS, NUTRA-SWEET and MILK DUDS!!
Laundry is the fifth dimension!!  ... um ... um ... th' washing machine
is a black hole and the pink socks are bus drivers who just fell in!!
LBJ, LBJ, how many JOKES did you tell today??!
Leona, I want to CONFESS things to you ... I want to WRAP you in a SCARLET
ROBE trimmed with POLYVINYL CHLORIDE ... I want to EMPTY your ASHTRAYS ...
Let me do my TRIBUTE to FISHNET STOCKINGS ...
Let's all show human CONCERN for REVERAND MOON's legal difficulties!!
Let's send the Russians defective lifestyle accessories!
Life is a POPULARITY CONTEST!  I'm REFRESHINGLY CANDID!!
Like I always say -- nothing can beat the BRATWURST here in DUSSELDORF!!
Loni Anderson's hair should be LEGALIZED!!
Look DEEP into the OPENINGS!!  Do you see any ELVES or EDSELS ... or a
HIGHBALL?? ...
Look into my eyes and try to forget that you have a Macy's charge card!
Look!  A ladder!  Maybe it leads to heaven, or a sandwich!
LOOK!!  Sullen American teens wearing MADRAS shorts and "Flock of
Seagulls" HAIRCUTS!
Make me look like LINDA RONSTADT again!!
Mary Tyler Moore's SEVENTH HUSBAND is wearing my DACRON TANK TOP in a
cheap hotel in HONOLULU!
Maybe we could paint GOLDIE HAWN a rich PRUSSIAN BLUE --
MERYL STREEP is my obstetrician!
MMM-MM!!  So THIS is BIO-NEBULATION!
Mmmmmm-MMMMMM!!  A plate of STEAMING PIECES of a PIG mixed with the
shreds of SEVERAL CHICKENS!! ... Oh BOY!!  I'm about to swallow a
TORN-OFF section of a COW'S LEFT LEG soaked in COTTONSEED OIL and
SUGAR!! ... Let's see ... Next, I'll have the GROUND-UP flesh of CUTE,
BABY LAMBS fried in the MELTED, FATTY TISSUES from a warm-blooded
animal someone once PETTED!! ... YUM!!  That was GOOD!!  For DESSERT,
I'll have a TOFU BURGER with BEAN SPROUTS on a stone-ground, WHOLE
WHEAT BUN!!
Mr and Mrs PED, can I borrow 26.7% of the RAYON TEXTILE production of
the INDONESIAN archipelago?
My Aunt MAUREEN was a military advisor to IKE & TINA TURNER!!
My BIOLOGICAL ALARM CLOCK just went off ... It has noiseless DOZE
FUNCTION and full kitchen!!
My CODE of ETHICS is vacationing at famed SCHROON LAKE in upstate New York!!
My EARS are GONE!!
My face is new, my license is expired, and I'm under a doctor's care!!!!
My haircut is totally traditional!
MY income is ALL disposable!
My LESLIE GORE record is BROKEN ...
My life is a patio of fun!
My mind is a potato field ...
My mind is making ashtrays in Dayton ...
My nose feels like a bad Ronald Reagan movie ...
My NOSE is NUMB!
... My pants just went on a wild rampage through a Long Island Bowling Alley!!
My pants just went to high school in the Carlsbad Caverns!!!
My polyvinyl cowboy wallet was made in Hong Kong by Montgomery Clift!
My uncle Murray conquered Egypt in 53 B.C.  And I can prove it too!!
My vaseline is RUNNING...
NANCY!!  Why is everything RED?!
NATHAN ... your PARENTS were in a CARCRASH!!  They're VOIDED -- They
COLLAPSED They had no CHAINSAWS ... They had no MONEY MACHINES ... They
did PILLS in SKIMPY GRASS SKIRTS ... Nathan, I EMULATED them ... but
they were OFF-KEY ...
NEWARK has been REZONED!!  DES MOINES has been REZONED!!
Nipples, dimples, knuckles, NICKLES, wrinkles, pimples!!
Not SENSUOUS ... only "FROLICSOME" ... and in need of DENTAL WORK ... in PAIN!!!
Now I am depressed ...
Now I think I just reached the state of HYPERTENSION that comes JUST
BEFORE you see the TOTAL at the SAFEWAY CHECKOUT COUNTER!
Now I understand the meaning of "THE MOD SQUAD"!
Now I'm being INVOLUNTARILY shuffled closer to the CLAM DIP with the
BROKEN PLASTIC FORKS in it!!
Now I'm concentrating on a specific tank battle toward the end of World War II!
Now I'm having INSIPID THOUGHTS about the beatiful, round wives of
HOLLYWOOD MOVIE MOGULS encased in PLEXIGLASS CARS and being approached
by SMALL BOYS selling FRUIT ...
Now KEN and BARBIE are PERMANENTLY ADDICTED to MIND-ALTERING DRUGS ...
Now my EMOTIONAL RESOURCES are heavily committed to 23% of the SMELTING
and REFINING industry of the state of NEVADA!!
Now that I have my "APPLE", I comprehend COST ACCOUNTING!!
Now, let's SEND OUT for QUICHE!!
Of course, you UNDERSTAND about the PLAIDS in the SPIN CYCLE --
Oh my GOD -- the SUN just fell into YANKEE STADIUM!!
Oh, I get it!!  "The BEACH goes on", huh, SONNY??
Okay ... I'm going home to write the "I HATE RUBIK's CUBE HANDBOOK FOR
DEAD CAT LOVERS" ...
OKAY!!  Turn on the sound ONLY for TRYNEL CARPETING, FULLY-EQUIPPED
R.V.'S and FLOATATION SYSTEMS!!
OMNIVERSAL AWARENESS??  Oh, YEH!!  First you need four GALLONS of JELL-O
and a BIG WRENCH!! ... I think you drop th'WRENCH in the JELL-O as if
it was a FLAVOR, or an INGREDIENT ... ... or ... I ... um ... WHERE'S
the WASHING MACHINES?
On SECOND thought, maybe I'll heat up some BAKED BEANS and watch REGIS
PHILBIN ...  It's GREAT to be ALIVE!!
On the other hand, life can be an endless parade of TRANSSEXUAL
QUILTING BEES aboard a cruise ship to DISNEYWORLD if only we let it!!
On the road, ZIPPY is a pinhead without a purpose, but never without a POINT.
Once upon a time, four AMPHIBIOUS HOG CALLERS attacked a family of
DEFENSELESS, SENSITIVE COIN COLLECTORS and brought DOWN their PROPERTY
VALUES!!
Once, there was NO fun ... This was before MENU planning, FASHION
statements or NAUTILUS equipment ... Then, in 1985 ... FUN was
completely encoded in this tiny MICROCHIP ... It contain 14,768 vaguely
amusing SIT-COM pilots!!  We had to wait FOUR BILLION years but we
finally got JERRY LEWIS, MTV and a large selection of creme-filled
snack cakes!
One FISHWICH coming up!!
ONE LIFE TO LIVE for ALL MY CHILDREN in ANOTHER WORLD all THE DAYS OF OUR LIVES.
ONE:    I will donate my entire "BABY HUEY" comic book collection to
	the downtown PLASMA CENTER ...
TWO:	I won't START a BAND called "KHADAFY & THE HIT SQUAD" ...
THREE:	I won't ever TUMBLE DRY my FOX TERRIER again!!
... or were you driving the PONTIAC that HONKED at me in MIAMI last Tuesday?
Our father who art in heaven ... I sincerely pray that SOMEBODY at this
table will PAY for my SHREDDED WHAT and ENGLISH MUFFIN ... and also
leave a GENEROUS TIP ....
over in west Philadelphia a puppy is vomiting ...
OVER the underpass!  UNDER the overpass!  Around the FUTURE and BEYOND REPAIR!!
PARDON me, am I speaking ENGLISH?
Pardon me, but do you know what it means to be TRULY ONE with your BOOTH!
PEGGY FLEMMING is stealing BASKET BALLS to feed the babies in VERMONT.
People humiliating a salami!
PIZZA!!
Place me on a BUFFER counter while you BELITTLE several BELLHOPS in the
Trianon Room!!  Let me one of your SUBSIDIARIES!
Please come home with me ... I have Tylenol!!
Psychoanalysis??  I thought this was a nude rap session!!!
PUNK ROCK!!  DISCO DUCK!!  BIRTH CONTROL!!
Quick, sing me the BUDAPEST NATIONAL ANTHEM!!
RELATIVES!!
Remember, in 2039, MOUSSE & PASTA will be available ONLY by prescription!!
RHAPSODY in Glue!
SANTA CLAUS comes down a FIRE ESCAPE wearing bright blue LEG WARMERS
... He scrubs the POPE with a mild soap or detergent for 15 minutes,
starring JANE FONDA!!
Send your questions to ``ASK ZIPPY'', Box 40474, San Francisco, CA
94140, USA
SHHHH!!  I hear SIX TATTOOED TRUCK-DRIVERS tossing ENGINE BLOCKS into
empty OIL DRUMS ...
Should I do my BOBBIE VINTON medley?
Should I get locked in the PRINCICAL'S OFFICE today -- or have a VASECTOMY??
Should I start with the time I SWITCHED personalities with a BEATNIK
hair stylist or my failure to refer five TEENAGERS to a good OCULIST?
Sign my PETITION.
So this is what it feels like to be potato salad
So, if we convert SUPPLY-SIDE SOYABEAN FUTURES into HIGH-YIELD T-BILL
INDICATORS, the PRE-INFLATIONARY risks will DWINDLE to a rate of 2
SHOPPING SPREES per EGGPLANT!!
Someone in DAYTON, Ohio is selling USED CARPETS to a SERBO-CROATIAN
Sometime in 1993 NANCY SINATRA will lead a BLOODLESS COUP on GUAM!!
Somewhere in DOWNTOWN BURBANK a prostitute is OVERCOOKING a LAMB CHOP!!
Somewhere in suburban Honolulu, an unemployed bellhop is whipping up a
batch of illegal psilocybin chop suey!!
Somewhere in Tenafly, New Jersey, a chiropractor is viewing "Leave it
to Beaver"!
Spreading peanut butter reminds me of opera!!  I wonder why?
TAILFINS!! ... click ...
	Talking Pinhead Blues:
Oh, I LOST my ``HELLO KITTY'' DOLL and I get BAD reception on channel
    TWENTY-SIX!!

Th'HOSTESS FACTORY is closin' down and I just heard ZASU PITTS has been
    DEAD for YEARS..  (sniff)

My PLATFORM SHOE collection was CHEWED up by th' dog, ALEXANDER HAIG
    won't let me take a SHOWER 'til Easter ... (snurf)

So I went to the kitchen, but WALNUT PANELING whup me upside mah HAID!!
    (on no, no, no..  Heh, heh)
TAPPING?  You POLITICIANS!  Don't you realize that the END of the "Wash
Cycle" is a TREASURED MOMENT for most people?!
Tex SEX!  The HOME of WHEELS!  The dripping of COFFEE!!  Take me to
Minnesota but don't EMBARRASS me!!
Th' MIND is the Pizza Palace of th' SOUL
Thank god!! ... It's HENNY YOUNGMAN!!
The appreciation of the average visual graphisticator alone is worth
the whole suaveness and decadence which abounds!!
The entire CHINESE WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL TEAM all share ONE personality --
and have since BIRTH!!
The fact that 47 PEOPLE are yelling and sweat is cascading down my
SPINAL COLUMN is fairly enjoyable!!
The FALAFEL SANDWICH lands on my HEAD and I become a VEGETARIAN ...
... the HIGHWAY is made out of LIME JELLO and my HONDA is a barbequeued
OYSTER!  Yum!
The Korean War must have been fun.
... the MYSTERIANS are in here with my CORDUROY SOAP DISH!!
The Osmonds!  You are all Osmonds!!  Throwing up on a freeway at dawn!!!
The PILLSBURY DOUGHBOY is CRYING for an END to BURT REYNOLDS movies!!
The PINK SOCKS were ORIGINALLY from 1952!!  But they went to MARS
around 1953!!
The SAME WAVE keeps coming in and COLLAPSING like a rayon MUU-MUU ...
There is no TRUTH.  There is no REALITY.  There is no CONSISTENCY.
There are no ABSOLUTE STATEMENTS.   I'm very probably wrong.
There's a little picture of ED MCMAHON doing BAD THINGS to JOAN RIVERS
in a $200,000 MALIBU BEACH HOUSE!!
There's enough money here to buy 5000 cans of Noodle-Roni!
	"These are DARK TIMES for all mankind's HIGHEST VALUES!"
	"These are DARK TIMES for FREEDOM and PROSPERITY!"
	"These are GREAT TIMES to put your money on BAD GUY to kick the CRAP
out of MEGATON MAN!"
These PRESERVES should be FORCE-FED to PENTAGON OFFICIALS!!
They collapsed ... like nuns in the street ... they had no teen
appeal!
This ASEXUAL PIG really BOILS my BLOOD ... He's so ... so ... URGENT!!
"This is a job for BOB VIOLENCE and SCUM, the INCREDIBLY STUPID MUTANT DOG."
		-- Bob Violence
This is a NO-FRILLS flight -- hold th' CANADIAN BACON!!
This MUST be a good party -- My RIB CAGE is being painfully pressed up
against someone's MARTINI!!
... this must be what it's like to be a COLLEGE GRADUATE!!
This PIZZA symbolizes my COMPLETE EMOTIONAL RECOVERY!!
This PORCUPINE knows his ZIPCODE ... And he has "VISA"!!
This TOPS OFF my partygoing experience!  Someone I DON'T LIKE is
talking to me about a HEART-WARMING European film ...
Those aren't WINOS -- that's my JUGGLER, my AERIALIST, my SWORD
SWALLOWER, and my LATEX NOVELTY SUPPLIER!!
Thousands of days of civilians ... have produced a ... feeling for the
aesthetic modules --
Today, THREE WINOS from DETROIT sold me a framed photo of TAB HUNTER
before his MAKEOVER!
Toes, knees, NIPPLES.  Toes, knees, nipples, KNUCKLES ...
Nipples, dimples, knuckles, NICKLES, wrinkles, pimples!!
TONY RANDALL!  Is YOUR life a PATIO of FUN??
Uh-oh -- WHY am I suddenly thinking of a VENERABLE religious leader
frolicking on a FORT LAUDERDALE weekend?
Uh-oh!!  I forgot to submit to COMPULSORY URINALYSIS!
UH-OH!!  I put on "GREAT HEAD-ON TRAIN COLLISIONS of the 50's" by
mistake!!!
UH-OH!!  I think KEN is OVER-DUE on his R.V. PAYMENTS and HE'S having a
NERVOUS BREAKDOWN too!!  Ha ha.
Uh-oh!!  I'm having TOO MUCH FUN!!
UH-OH!!  We're out of AUTOMOBILE PARTS and RUBBER GOODS!
Used staples are good with SOY SAUCE!
VICARIOUSLY experience some reason to LIVE!!
Vote for ME -- I'm well-tapered, half-cocked, ill-conceived and TAX-DEFERRED!
Wait ... is this a FUN THING or the END of LIFE in Petticoat Junction??
Was my SOY LOAF left out in th'RAIN?  It tastes REAL GOOD!!
We are now enjoying total mutual interaction in an imaginary hot tub ...
We have DIFFERENT amounts of HAIR --
We just joined the civil hair patrol!
We place two copies of PEOPLE magazine in a DARK, HUMID mobile home.
45 minutes later CYNDI LAUPER emerges wearing a BIRD CAGE on her head!
Well, here I am in AMERICA..  I LIKE it.  I HATE it.  I LIKE it.  I
HATE it.  I LIKE it.  I HATE it.  I LIKE it.  I HATE it.  I LIKE ...
EMOTIONS are SWEEPING over me!!
Well, I'm a classic ANAL RETENTIVE!!  And I'm looking for a way to
VICARIOUSLY experience some reason to LIVE!!
Well, I'm INVISIBLE AGAIN ... I might as well pay a visit to the LADIES
ROOM ...
Well, O.K.  I'll compromise with my principles because of EXISTENTIAL DESPAIR!
Were these parsnips CORRECTLY MARINATED in TACO SAUCE?
What a COINCIDENCE!  I'm an authorized "SNOOTS OF THE STARS" dealer!!
What GOOD is a CARDBOARD suitcase ANYWAY?
What I need is a MATURE RELATIONSHIP with a FLOPPY DISK ...
What I want to find out is -- do parrots know much about Astro-Turf?
What PROGRAM are they watching?
What UNIVERSE is this, please??
What's the MATTER Sid? ... Is your BEVERAGE unsatisfactory?
When I met th'POPE back in '58, I scrubbed him with a MILD SOAP or
DETERGENT for 15 minutes.  He seemed to enjoy it ...
When this load is DONE I think I'll wash it AGAIN ...
When you get your PH.D. will you get able to work at BURGER KING?
When you said "HEAVILY FORESTED" it reminded me of an overdue CLEANING
BILL ... Don't you SEE?  O'Grogan SWALLOWED a VALUABLE COIN COLLECTION
and HAD to murder the ONLY MAN who KNEW!!
Where do your SOCKS go when you lose them in th' WASHER?
Where does it go when you flush?
Where's SANDY DUNCAN?
Where's th' DAFFY DUCK EXHIBIT??
Where's the Coke machine?  Tell me a joke!!
While my BRAINPAN is being refused service in BURGER KING, Jesuit
priests are DATING CAREER DIPLOMATS!!
While you're chewing, think of STEVEN SPIELBERG'S bank account ...  his
will have the same effect as two "STARCH BLOCKERS"!
WHO sees a BEACH BUNNY sobbing on a SHAG RUG?!
WHOA!!  Ken and Barbie are having TOO MUCH FUN!!  It must be the
NEGATIVE IONS!!
Why are these athletic shoe salesmen following me??
Why don't you ever enter any CONTESTS, Marvin??  Don't you know your
own ZIPCODE?
Why is everything made of Lycra Spandex?
Why is it that when you DIE, you can't take your HOME ENTERTAINMENT
CENTER with you??
Will it improve my CASH FLOW?
Will the third world war keep "Bosom Buddies" off the air?
Will this never-ending series of PLEASURABLE EVENTS never cease?
With YOU, I can be MYSELF ...  We don't NEED Dan Rather ...
World War III?  No thanks!
World War Three can be averted by adherence to a strictly enforced dress code!
Wow!  Look!!  A stray meatball!!  Let's interview it!
Xerox your lunch and file it under "sex offenders"!
Yes, but will I see the EASTER BUNNY in skintight leather at an IRON
MAIDEN concert?
You can't hurt me!!  I have an ASSUMABLE MORTGAGE!!
You mean now I can SHOOT YOU in the back and further BLUR th'
distinction between FANTASY and REALITY?
You mean you don't want to watch WRESTLING from ATLANTA?
YOU PICKED KARL MALDEN'S NOSE!!
You should all JUMP UP AND DOWN for TWO HOURS while I decide on a NEW CAREER!!
You were s'posed to laugh!
YOU!!  Give me the CUTEST, PINKEST, most charming little VICTORIAN
DOLLHOUSE you can find!!  An make it SNAPPY!!
Your CHEEKS sit like twin NECTARINES above a MOUTH that knows no BOUNDS --
Youth of today!  Join me in a mass rally for traditional mental
attitudes!
Yow!
Yow!  Am I having fun yet?
Yow!  Am I in Milwaukee?
Yow!  And then we could sit on the hoods of cars at stop lights!
Yow!  Are we laid back yet?
Yow!  Are we wet yet?
Yow!  Are you the self-frying president?
Yow!  Did something bad happen or am I in a drive-in movie??
Yow!  I just went below the poverty line!
Yow!  I threw up on my window!
Yow!  I want my nose in lights!
Yow!  I want to mail a bronzed artichoke to Nicaragua!
Yow!  I'm having a quadrophonic sensation of two winos alone in a steel mill!
Yow!  I'm imagining a surfer van filled with soy sauce!
Yow!  Is my fallout shelter termite proof?
Yow!  Is this sexual intercourse yet??  Is it, huh, is it??
Yow!  It's a hole all the way to downtown Burbank!
Yow!  It's some people inside the wall!  This is better than mopping!
Yow!  Maybe I should have asked for my Neutron Bomb in PAISLEY --
Yow!  Now I get to think about all the BAD THINGS I did to a BOWLING
BALL when I was in JUNIOR HIGH SCHOOL!
Yow!  Now we can become alcoholics!
Yow!  Those people look exactly like Donnie and Marie Osmond!!
Yow!  We're going to a new disco!
YOW!!  Everybody out of the GENETIC POOL!
YOW!!  I'm in a very clever and adorable INSANE ASYLUM!!
YOW!!  Now I understand advanced MICROBIOLOGY and th' new TAX REFORM laws!!
YOW!!  The land of the rising SONY!!
YOW!!  Up ahead!  It's a DONUT HUT!!
YOW!!  What should the entire human race DO??  Consume a fifth of
CHIVAS REGAL, ski NUDE down MT. EVEREST, and have a wild SEX WEEKEND!
YOW!!!  I am having fun!!!
Zippy's brain cells are straining to bridge synapses ...
